
18th ACS/IEEE International Conference on Computer Systems and
Applications AICCSA 2021

November 8th - 11th, 2021

http://www.aiccsa.net/AICCSA2021/call-for-contributions/call-for-papers

The ACS/IEEE International Conference on Computer Systems and
Applications (AICCSA) is the premier conference covering all
contemporary areas in computer systems and applications and hence it
is an international forum for leading researchers and practitioners in
these important and rapidly changing disciplines. AICCSA 2021 will be
held in the lovely and highly vibrant city of Tangier, Morocco.We are
pleased to invite you to submit original contributions to AICCSA’21
via the official submission system for the conference
https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=aiccsa2021. A submission may
include technical and experimental study, theoretical study,
conceptual study, or a survey. All submissions will be peer-reviewed
on the basis of relevance, originality, importance and clarity. Topics
of interest fall under one or more of the conference tracks :

Track 1: Information Retrieval, Big Data, Databases and Knowledge Systems
Track 2: Cloud, Parallel, Distributed and High-Performance Computing
Track 3: Multimedia, Computer Vision and Image Processing
Track 4: Advances in Software Engineering
Track 5: Natural Language Processing and Applications
Track 6: Artificial Intelligence & Cognitive Systems
Track 7: Security, Privacy and Trust
Track 8: Social and Mobile Computing
Track 9: Advances in Web Technologies, Semantics and Future Internet
Track 10: Knowledge Management and Ontology Engineering
Track 11: Advances in Data Networks, Ad-Hoc Networks, Sensor Networks,
VANETs, Internet ofThings (IoT)



Submissions Guidelines and PROCEEDINGSManuscripts should be prepared
in 10-point font using the IEEE 8.5" x 11" two-column conference
format. All papers should be in PDF format, and submitted
electronically on EasyChair at
https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=aiccsa2021. A regular paper
must not exceed 8 pages (including all figures, tables and
references). Submitted papers must present original unpublished
research that is not currently under review for any other conference
or journal. Papers not following these guidelines will be rejected
without review. In addition, submissions received after the due date,
exceeding the length limit, or not appropriately structured will be
rejected without review. Authors may contact the Program Chair for
further information or clarification.All submissions will be blind
peer-reviewed by at least three reviewers. Accepted papers will appear
in the Conference Proceedings, and be published by the IEEE Computer
Society Conference Publishing Services and be submitted to IEEE Xplore
for inclusion.Each paper should include up to 7 keywords, complete
postal and e-mail addresses, and fax and phone numbers of the
corresponding author. Authors of accepted papers are expected to
present their work at the conference. Submitted papers that are deemed
of good quality but could not be accepted as regular papers, may be
accepted as short papers.

Double-Blind Peer Review GuidelinesAICCSA 2021 uses double-blind
review, which means that the author’s identities are concealed from
the reviewers, and vice versa, throughout the review process. To
facilitate this, authors must ensure that their manuscripts be
prepared in a way that does not give away their identities or
affiliations. If a submission is not anonymized, it will be rejected
without review.

Information to help prepare the Blinded ManuscriptBesides the obvious
need to remove names and affiliations under the title within the
manuscript, there are other steps that need to be taken to ensure the
manuscript is correctly prepared for double-blind peer review. To
assist with this process, the key items that need to be observed are
as follows:

• Use the third person to refer to the work the authors have
previously undertaken, e.g., replace any phrases like “as we have
shown before” with “… has been shown before [Anonymous, 2007]”.
• Make sure that figures not contain any affiliation-related
identifier.• Do not eliminate essential self-references or other
references but limit self-references only to papers that are relevant
for those reviewing the submitted paper.
• Cite papers published by the authors in the text as follows:
‘[Anonymous, 2007]’.
• For blinding on the reference list: ‘[Anonymous 2007] Details
omitted for double-blind review
• Remove references to funding sources.• Do not include acknowledgments.
• Remove any identifying information, including author names, from
file names, etc. and anonymizedocument properties.

Special IssuesSelected papers from the conference will be invited to
submit an extended version to a journal to be announced. Papers will
be selected based on their reviewers’ scores and appropriateness to
the Journal’s theme. All extended versions will undergo reviews and
must represent original unpublished research work. Further details
will be made available at a later stage.


Important Dates

Conference dates: 8 – 11 November 2021



Main Conference / Symposium • Paper submission due: May 1st, 2021

• Notification to authors: July 1st, 2021 • Camera-ready manuscript
due:  August 25th, 2021• Early registration due (authors): August 1st,
2021• Late registration due: September 24th, 2021


Ph.D. Forum• Paper submission due: June 15th, 2021• Notification to
authors: July 1st, 2021• Camera-ready manuscript due:  August 25,
2021• Early registration due: August 1st, 2021


Workshop Proposals• Workshop proposal due: April 29th, 2021•
Notification of acceptance: May 10th, 2021

• Workshop paper submission due: June 15th, 2021
• Workshops paper notification of acceptance: July 15th, 2021


Tutorial Proposals• Proposal submission due: June 1st, 2021•
Notification to authors: July 15th, 2021• Camera-ready manuscript due:
August 1st, 2021• Early registration due: August 1st, 2021


For further details please contact the TPC chairs : Wu, Chase
chase.wu@njit.edu or Sandra Sendra Compte sansenco@upv.es

General Co-Chairs

· Nadia KABACHI, University of Lyon, France
· Jaime Lloret, Universitat Politecnica de Valencia, Spain



Program Committee Co-Chairs

· Chase Wu, New Jersey Institute of Technology, USA
· Sandra Sendra, Universitat Politecnica de Valencia, Spain


