The 9th International Conference on Networks, Communication and Computing (ICNCC) will take place on December 18-20, 2020 in Tokyo, Japan.

http://www.icncc.org

ICNCC 2019 is instructed by SCIEI, co-sponsored by Singapore Institute of Electronics and Chengdu Zonghang Exhibition & Service Co., Ltd.

ICNCC provides a premier interdisciplinary platform for researchers, practitioners and educators to present and discuss not only the most recent innovations, trends, and concerns but also practical challenges encountered and solutions adopted in the fields of Networks, communication and computing. There will be participation of renowned Speakers, oral presentations, posters sessions and technical conferences related to the topics in the scientific program.

Please find attached ICNCC flyer. Hope you can help broadcast this event to people around. 

Thanks for your attention and support. 

Submission

To ensure the articles which ICNCC conference publish represent the best scholarship currently available, submission will be Peer Reviewed. When an article is submitted to the ICNCC conference, the program chairs/conference secretary required to send it out to other scholars in the same field (the author's peers) to get their opinion on the quality of the scholarship, if its relevance to the field, and if its appropriateness for the conference proceedings.

Key Dates
Paper submission deadline: August 20th, 2020
Plagiarism check and notification: max in 7 days after the Submission
Accepted Submissions Announcement: September 10th, 2020
Standard Registration: Before September 30th, 2020

Abstract
For those papers do not want to be published but presenting and discussing at the conference, you can submit an abstract first, for presentation only. Your abstract will not be published but only included in the conference program book.

Full Paper
The manuscript in double-column format, up to 10 pages. Manuscripts must be written in English and follow the instructions at Manuscript Formatting and Templates.

Accepted and presented papers will be published into conference proceedings, will be included in the major data base, EI Compendex, Scopus, etc,the proceedings will be distributed during the Conference.

Accepted articles will be invited for as oral or poster presentation, depending on the nature and quality of the paper.

Submission Online
http://confsys.iconf.org/submission/icncc2020 

-------------------------------------------------------
We love you. We are sorry. Please forgive us. Thank you.