
CALL FOR PAPERS

23rd Workshop on Advances in Parallel and Distributed Computational Models
https://apdcm.iss-j.org/
APDCM2021, May 17, 2021

to be held in conjunction with

35th IEEE International Parallel and Distributed Processing Symposium
IPDPS May 17-21, 2021, Portland, Oregon USA
http://www.ipdps.org/

[Call for Papers]
The past twenty years have seen a flurry of activity in the area of
parallel and distributed computing. In recent years, novel parallel
and distributed computational models have been proposed in the
literature, reflecting advances in new computational devices and
environments such as optical interconnects, programmable logic arrays,
networks of workstations, radio communications, mobile computing, DNA
computing, quantum computing, sensor networks etc. It is very
encouraging to note that the advent of these new models has led to
significant advances in the resolution of various difficult problems
of practical interest.

The main goal of this workshop is to provide a timely forum for the
exchange and dissemination of new ideas, techniques and research in
the field of the parallel and distributed computational models. The
workshop is meant to bring together researchers and practitioners
interested in all aspects of parallel and distributed computing taken
in an inclusive, rather than exclusive, sense. We are convinced that
the workshop atmosphere will be conducive to open and mutually
beneficial exchanges of ideas between the participants.

[Topics]
Topics of interest include, but are not limited to

Models of Parallel and Distributed Computing: Radio communication
models, Mobile computing models, Sensor network models,
Hardware-specific models, FPGA models, Systolic arrays and cellular
automata, Peer-to-peer models, Biologically-based computing models,
Quantum computing model, Ising model, Reconfigurable models, Optical
models, CUDA, OpenCL, GPU computing models, BSP and LogP models, PGAS
model, Cloud computing model, Edge/Fog computing model

Algorithms and Applications: Geometric and graph algorithms,
Combinatorial algorithms, Randomized and approximation techniques,
Optimization, Numerical algorithms, Network algorithms, Localized
algorithms, Distributed algorithms, Image processing, High-performance
computing, GPU applications, MapReduce, Machine Learning

Practical Aspects: Architectural and implementation issues,
Performance analysis and simulation, MPI, Multi-core processors,
Programmable logic arrays, GPGPU, Design of network protocols,
Embedded systems, Cloud computing, Cluster Computing, Development
tools, Fault tolerance, Security Issues, Big data analysis

[Submission Guidelines]
Prospective authors are encouraged to submit an electronic version of
original, unpublished manuscripts, not to exceed 10 pages for REGULAR
papers and 4 pages for SHORT papers using Manuscript Templates for
Conference Proceedings. We also welcome comprehensive survey papers on
timely topics. Abstracts must be registered through Easy Chair by
February 8, 2021 (23:59 in UTC). Abstract submission is mandatory,
because reviewers are selected based on abstracts. After the abstract
registration, the PDF of the paper must be submitted by February 13,
2021 (23:59 in UTC). You can update abstract and the PDF anytime
before the due dates.

[Proceedings]
IPDPS is sponsored by IEEE, and all papers presented at IPDPS-APDCM
workshop will be included in the Proceedings published from IEEE
Computer Society.

[Special Issue]
We plan to publish full versions of selected papers in the
International Journal on Networking and Computing (IJNC). Authors of
selected papers will be invited to submit their manuscripts after the
workshop.

[Important Dates]
All dates are in UTC and submission must be done by 23:59PM in UTC.
Abstract registration due: February 8, 2021 (extended)
Paper submission due: February 13, 2021 (extended)
Notification: March 1, 2021



