Call for PerCom 2021 Demo Papers

Demo Session
The IEEE Pervasive Computing and Communication (PerCom) conference, entering its 19th year, is one of the premier scholarly venues in the areas of pervasive computing and communications. The PerCom Demo session provides a venue for the latest breakthroughs in pervasive computing to be presented live to the research community. Demos ranging from examples of working prototypes, novel applications, groundbreaking ideas, and live experiments related to PerCom are all welcome. In particular, we encourage demos from industrial researchers who are leading the way in pushing pervasive technology into the hands of the public.
A "Best Demo Award" will be presented based on research value, originality, and presentation.

Topics
Areas of interest include (but are not limited to):
Anticipatory computing
Big (Sensor) data
Data Science for Pervasive computing
Context-aware computing
Mobile payments
Wearable computers
Smart devices and their integration
Positioning and tracking technologies
Integrated pervasive computing systems (smart spaces, smart cities, etc.)
Mobile/wireless computing systems and services
Pervasive computing for smart infrastructures (e-energy, e-mobility etc.)
Pervasive computing for smart Life Science (e-health, m-health, bioinformatics, etc)
Energy-efficient and sustainable pervasive computing
Reliability, availability and performance of pervasive computing
Opportunistic communication for pervasive systems
Sensing and actuation for pervasive systems
Trust, security and privacy solutions for pervasive systems
Novel user interfaces and user interaction in pervasive systems


Submission Guidelines
Prospective contributors are expected to submit a demo proposal in the form of a short technical paper (no more than 3 pages) using the IEEE templates (https://www.ieee.org/conferences/publishing/templates.html). The short paper must illustrate the research contribution of the demo, the practical setup, and the technical requirements. Short demo papers will be included in the PerCom proceedings.
All demo proposals must be registered and submitted through the EDAS (edas.info/N27736) submission site.
The demo proposals will be peer-reviewed. The evaluation criteria include: (1) extent and significance of a prototype conveying new research ideas or compelling novel applications; (2) relevance to PerCom; (3) potential impact on the audience; (4) quality and feasibility of the proposed implementation; (5) presentation quality.
At least one author of each accepted demo proposal is required to register and present their demo at the conference.


Important Dates
Demo proposal submission deadline: December 5th, 2020
Notification of acceptance: January 10th, 2021
Camera-ready deadline: February 5th, 2021
Conference Dates: March 22 – 26, 2021


For further information about demonstrations at PerCom 2021, please contact the co-chairs Manuele Kirsch Pinheiro (Manuele.Kirsch-Pinheiro@univ-paris1.fr) and Pascal Hirmer (pascal.hirmer@ipvs.uni-stuttgart.de).



