Special Issue on Mobile and Edge Computing Systems
The ubiquitous deployment of mobile computing platforms and embedded Internet of Things devices have catalyzed the development of various computing services deeply embedded to our everyday lives. Recently with relatively more powerful edge platforms, computationally heavy tasks that could not be previously enabled using resource limited mobile and embedded platforms can be realized to enable a richer set of localized services. The combination of mobile and edge computing systems has enabled the use of tasks such as various deep learning techniques and computationally heavy blockchains to mobile and embedded computing scenarios, but have also introduced new challenges related to utilizing the limited resources, maintaining user privacy and preserving energy efficiency.
The objective of this special issue is to explore recent advances in mobile and edge computing systems to address practical and fundamental challenges. Networking, security, and AI-based schemes to support mobile and edge computing systems as well as application designs are all potential topics that can collectively tackle such challenges. Specifically, potential topics include but are not limited to the following:
●   Intelligent deployment of mobile and edge computing systems
●   Deep learning technologies for mobile and edge computing
●   Novel communication and network paradigms for mobile and edge computing
●   Latency and energy-aware computing
●   Deep learning model offloading
●   Intelligent security and privacy provisioning for mobile and edge computing platforms and systems
●   Novel applications and testbeds for mobile and edge computing systems
Interested authors need to submit their papers according to the following schedule:
January 10, 2021: Paper submission deadline. PDF format with MS word or Latex source to ICT Express website
February 20, 2021: Reviews returned to authors
March 10, 2021: Final revised manuscript due
March 30, 2021: Final Decision Due
June 30, 2021: Publication date

Prof. JeongGil Ko, Yonsei University, Republic of Korea, jeonggil.ko@yonsei.ac.kr
Prof. Sang-Woon Jeon, Hanyang University, Republic of Korea, sangwoonjeon@hanyang.ac.kr
Prof. Joongheon Kim, Korea University, Republic of Korea, joongheon@korea.ac.kr
Prof. Jun Han, National University of Singapore, Singapore, junhan@comp.nus.edu.sg
Electronic submissions should be made through the Elsevier’s ICT Express website at http://www.journals.elsevier.com/ict-express. ICT Express is a high-quality quarterly archival journal published by KICS and hosted by Elsevier. ICT Express invites short length (up to 4 pages in double columns) high-quality, original articles. Papers published in the ICT Express are indexed in Emerging Sources Citation Index (ESCI), Directory of Open Access Journals (DOAJ), and Science Direct. Learn more about this journal and click here for submission tips. Please, direct inquiries and correspondence regarding intent to submit to the Lead Guest Editor, Prof. JeongGil Ko ( jeonggil.ko@yonsei.ac.kr).



