
CALL FOR PAPERS



18th International Conference on Wireless Networks and Mobile Systems



New Submission Deadline: March 08, 2021



http://www.winsys.org ;



July 07 - 09, 2021



Online Streaming



Due to many requests, the regular papers submission deadline of this conference has been extended.

The purpose of WINSYS, the International Conference on Wireless Networks and Mobile Systems, is to bring together researchers, engineers and practitioners interested on information systems and applications in the context of wireless networks and mobile technologies. Information systems and information technology are pervasive in the whole communications field, which is quite vast, encompassing a large number of research topics and applications: from practical issues to the more abstract theoretical aspects of communication; from low level protocols to high-level networking and applications; from wireless networking technologies to mobile information systems; many other topics are included in the scope of WINSYS.



WINSYS is organized in 5 major tracks:

1 - Wireless and Mobile Technologies

2 - Mobile Software and Services

3 - Wireless Optical Communications

4 - Ciber-Physical Systems

5 - e-Health Monitoring



Conference Chair(s)

Jaime Lloret Mauri, Universidad Politecnica de Valencia, Spain



Program Chair(s)

Joel Rodrigues, Federal University of Piauí (UFPI), Teresina - Pi, Brazil; Instituto de Telecomunicações, Portugal



With the presence of internationally distinguished keynote speakers:

Shahid Mumtaz, Instituto de Telecomunicações, Portugal

Sandra Sendra, Univ. Politécnica de Valencia, Spain

Muhammad Sajjad, NTNU, Norway



Proceedings will be submitted for indexation by:

SCOPUS

Google Scholar

The DBLP Computer Science Bibliography

Semantic Scholar

Microsoft Academic

Engineering Index (EI)

Web of Science / Conference Proceedings Citation Index


A short list of presented papers will be selected so that revised and extended versions of these papers will be published by Springer in a CCIS Series book.

Also, a short list of best papers will be invited for a post-conference special issue of the Springer Nature Computer Science journal.



All papers presented at the conference venue will also be available at the SCITEPRESS Digital Library.



Kind regards,

Mónica Saramago

WINSYS Secretariat



Address: Av. S. Francisco Xavier Lote 7 Cv. C, Setubal 2900-616, Portugal

Tel: +351 265 520 185

Web: http://www.winsys.org

e-mail: winsys.secretariat@insticc.org



