
http://eai.mailmta.com/nl/link?c=6brh&d=5r0&h=j02i7og007gftjabas4fgq29b&i=2s7&iw=1&p=H1009508845&s=lp&sn=3m3&z=1st4





EAI MobiQuitous 2020 will be held as a fully-fledged online conference.

Due to the safety concerns and travel restrictions caused by COVID-19, EAI MobiQuitous 2020 will take place online in a live stream.
Participants will still be able to enjoy unique interactive benefits – learn more.


EAI MobiQuitous 2020 - 17th EAI International Conference on Mobile and Ubiquitous Systems: Computing, Networking and Services
November 9-11, 2020
Darmstadt, Germany Cyberspace

EAI MobiQuitous is a top ranked conference venue for researchers with a CORE conference ranking: A.
MobiQuitous authors have enjoyed over 8300+ citations, with average 8,23 citations per paper and h-index 37 (Scopus).

















Call for papers

Indexed in

Ei Compendex, ISI Web of Science, Scopus, CrossRef,
Google Scholar, DBLP, and more.


Publication

Mobile Networks and Applications (MONET) Journal (IF: 2.390)

EAI Endorsed Transactions on Mobile Communications and Applications



Learn more





Get the recognition you deserve
with EAI Index:

- The first open and transparent way of recognizing great researchers worldwide

- Credits are awarded to all authors based on review, but regardless of acceptance

- Members with top 0.1% EAI Index at the end of the year will become EAI Fellows


Find out more about EAI Index






Call for papers


Past volumes indexed in

Ei Compendex, ISI Web of Science, Scopus, CrossRef,
Google Scholar, DBLP, and more.


Publication

Mobile Networks and Applications (MONET) Journal (IF: 2.390)

EAI Endorsed Transactions on Mobile Communications and Applications



Learn more

_
Submit a Full-length paper:
_

Submit full paper


3rd Workshop on
TC-CPS: Time-Critical Cyber
Physical Systems

Submit Workshop Paper


Workshop on Artificial Intelligence for Mobile and Ubiquitous
Communication System

Submit Workshop Paper


Workshop on e-Health and m-Health Technologies for Ambient Assisted Living and Healthcare

Submit Workshop Paper









Paper Submission is now open for the 17th edition of MobiQuitous! Check out the Call for Papers.
Take a look back at the previous edition of MobiQuitous here.
MobiQuitous 2020 supports revolutionary EAI Community Review, find out more here.
Every author receives EAI Index credits – regardless of acceptance. Learn more about EAI’s Recognition Program here.
Get real feedback on your presentation from other registrants via EAI Compass.






Welcome to the EAI Community

Let the EAI Community help you build your career with collaborative research, objective evaluation, and fair recognition:

    Extra visibility for your paper and fair review  → Community Review
    Get credits to receive membership ranks and global recognition  → EAI Index
    Real-time evaluation and feedback on your presentation on-site  → EAI Compass



Publication

We have applied to ACM for inclusion into the ACM International Conference Proceedings program (ICPS). If MobiQuitous 2020 is accepted into the ACM program, all accepted and presented papers will be published in ICPS and made available through ACM Digital Library.

MobiQuitous proceedings are indexed in leading indexing services, including Ei Compendex, ISI Web of Science, Scopus, CrossRef, Google Scholar, DBLP, as well as EAI’s own EU Digital Library (EUDL).

Authors of selected best accepted and presented papers will be invited to submit an extended version to:

    Mobile Networks and Applications (MONET) Journal (IF: 2.390)

All accepted authors are eligible to submit an extended version in a fast track of:

    EAI Endorsed Transactions on Mobile Communications and Applications

Additional publication opportunities:

    EAI/Springer Innovations in Communications and Computing Book Series


Topics

About MobiQuitous 2020

About EAI




	


Important dates

Full Paper Submission deadline
5 July 2020
Notification deadline
19 August 2020
Registration Opens
21 August 2020
Camera-ready deadline
13 September 2020
Start of Conference
9 November 2020
End of Con