IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Quality of Service (IWQoS 2021)
25-28 June 2021, Tokyo, Japan
https://iwqos2021.ieee-iwqos.org/

Quality of Service (QoS) has long been the focus of communications and
networking researchers worldwide. While traditional QoS research areas
continue attracting much interest, recent exploration of Internet of
things, data centers, virtualization, cloud and fog computing, green
computing, and AI has motivated a new wave of research interest in
service guarantees with QoS, and its related metrics of Quality of
Experience (QoE), Quality of Protection (QoP), Software Quality, Data
Quality, or, more broadly, Quality of Information Technology.

For more than two decades, IWQoS has established itself as a highly
reputable forum to present novel ideas on all QoS-related subjects.
The 29th International Symposium on Quality of Service (IEEE/ACM IWQoS
2021) sets the goal to continuing to be a premier symposium and an
international forum for presentation and discussion of cutting-edge
research in the field. The scope of IEEE/ACM IWQoS 2021 covers both
newest theoretical and experimental research papers.

Topics of interest include (but not limited to) the following areas:
● Artificial Intelligence for QoS
● Data analytics for QoS
● QoS for data analytics and machine learning
● QoS in Internet of Things (IoT), cyber-physical networks
● QoS in cloud computing, fog computing and edge computing
● Blockchain for QoS
● Security, privacy, system dependability, resilience and robustness
● QoS in software-defined networking
● QoS in information-centric networking
● QoS in mobile and next generation cellular networks
● System dependability, availability, resilience and robustness to
faults and security attacks
● Robustness against security vulnerabilities in critical infrastructures
● QoS-aware scheduling, resource management, queue management, admission control
● Traffic engineering approaches and tools for QoS provisioning and evaluation
● QoS evaluation metrics and methodologies
● Quality of software
● QoE in multimedia networks
● Measurement, evaluation, adaptation, and verification
● Network operations, network economics, pricing and billing
● Architectures and protocols for QoS, QoP or QoE support
● Energy awareness in communication and computing systems
● Design for future networks and computing systems with integrated QoS

Paper Submission Guidelines:
IEEE/ACM IWQoS invites submission of manuscripts with original
research results that have not been previously published or that are
not currently under review by another conference or journal.
Submissions will be rigorously judged based on originality,
significance, interest, clarity, relevance, and correctness. IWQoS
aims at the rapid dissemination of research results. Regular paper
submissions should be no longer than 10 single-spaced, double-column
pages (including references) with a font-size of 10. Reviewing will be
double-blind. Submissions must not reveal the authors’ names and their
affiliations and avoid obvious self-references. Submissions not
meeting these guidelines will be rejected without consideration of
their merits. Papers must be submitted electronically as PDF files.
Please follow the submission link on https://iwqos2021.edas.info/ to
submit your paper.

Important Dates:
Paper Registration Deadline: 15 February 2021
Paper Submission Deadline: 22 February 2021
Notification of Acceptance: 23 April 2021
Camera-ready Deadline: 13 May 2021

General Chairs:
Hitoshi Asaeda, National Institute of Information and Communications
Technology (NICT), Japan
Jiannong Cao, The Hong Kong Polytechnic University, China

Program Committee Chairs:
Ruidong Li, National Institute of Information and Communications
Technology (NICT), Japan
Wenjing Lou, Virginia Tech, USA

*COVID-19 Statement: The IWQoS2021 organizing committee (OC) is
closely monitoring the COVID-19 situation that could impact in-person
attendance and paper presentations. In case of travel restrictions,
the OC is considering that remote presentations and participation will
be considered.


