
Call for Papers: Internet and Things: MDPI: Sensors (ISSN 1424-8220, IF 3.275) https://www.mdpi.com/journal/sensors/special_issues/GIoTS_2020

This special issue belongs to the section "Internet of Things".

Deadline for manuscript submissions: 15 Feb 2021.

The aim of this Special Issue is to include papers describing research from both academia and industry, as well as technical presentations on the recent advances in the theory, application and implementation of IoT concepts, technologies and applications. Special attention will be paid for papers of the 2020 Global IoT Summit (GIoTS). Papers should be original and should focus on current topics relevant to the IoT community concerning the latest research, engineering, standards and business issues.

Prof. Dr. Antonio Skarmeta,
Prof. Dr. Mirko Presser
Dr. Sébastien Ziegler
Dr. Srdjan Krco

Mr. Soumya Datta

Mr. Latif Ladid
Guest Editors




Manuscript Submission Information

Manuscripts should be submitted online at www.mdpi.com by registering and logging in to this website. Once you are registered, click here to go to the submission form. Manuscripts can be submitted until the deadline. All papers will be peer-reviewed. Accepted papers will be published continuously in the journal (as soon as accepted) and will be listed together on the special issue website. Research articles, review articles as well as short communications are invited. For planned papers, a title and short abstract (about 100 words) can be sent to the Editorial Office for announcement on this website.

Submitted manuscripts should not have been published previously, nor be under consideration for publication elsewhere (except conference proceedings papers). All manuscripts are thoroughly refereed through a single-blind peer-review process. A guide for authors and other relevant information for submission of manuscripts is available on the Instructions for Authors page. Sensors is an international peer-reviewed open access semimonthly journal published by MDPI.

Please visit the Instructions for Authors page before submitting a manuscript. The Article Processing Charge (APC) for publication in this open access journal is 2000 CHF (Swiss Francs). Submitted papers should be well formatted and use good English. Authors may use MDPI's English editing service prior to publication or during author revisions.

Keywords
IoT Enabling Technologies
IoT Applications, Services and Real Implementations
IoT Multimedia, Societal Impacts and Sustainable Development
Security and Privacy for Internet of Things




