deadlines.201005.BigDataJ.softcompute.txt
Big Data Special Issue



Call for Papers:

Special Issue on Soft Computing Models for Big Data and Internet of Things (IoT)





Deadline for Submission: October 5, 2020



Special Issue Publication date: Early 2021


With the ubiquitous internet connectivity and bandwidth in abundance along with reduced cost of wearables and smart devices, the impact of the Internet of Things (IoT) and technology in our lives is manifold and profound.



IoT devices are becoming a part of the mainstream electronics culture. Recently there have been many IoT applications such as smart homes, smart cities, smart industry, smart agriculture, smart healthcare which play a significant role in our lives. As the IoT solutions define the new paradigm for customer-oriented digital experience, they are inevitably getting more complex and dynamic.



Undoubtedly, the recent advancements in intelligent sensing, embedded internet, edge computing and predictive data mining permeate intelligence and decision making into the physical world which continually enhance human experience in real-time. It is essential to understand that the success of IoT relies on the effective incorporation of big data analytics. “Big Data” is the new buzzword and big data analytics provides real-time insights, which need to be actioned upon quickly to support decision, gain better value and mitigate risk. Thanks to the emerging soft computing techniques which are widely used for coping with imprecision, uncertainty, partial truth, and approximation. Correlation analyses for spatial and temporal data and construction and clustering techniques, complex neural networks are some advances which are investigated and applied by academic researchers and industry within the domain of socio-technical systems.


The primary scope of this special issue is to deliberate the progress and challenges of using innovative, novel, secure and smart soft computing solutions to define models as well as methods that explore aspects of dynamics in complex socio-technical systems. We invite recent works pertaining to the design and application of soft computing models to solve complex real-world problems associated to the big data and IoT. This special issue is intended to report high-quality and original research on wide range of applications from data analytics, pattern recognition, software and system modeling, to intelligent control problems and biomedical applications.





The list of topics for the special issue includes but not limited to the following:


Soft computing for IoT protocol design and optimization
Self-Learning and adaptive networking protocols and algorithms
Machine learning and soft computing-aided IoT
Intelligent middleware solutions IoT
Brain–computer interface and IoT
Security, privacy, integrity, and trust in IoT
Search and optimization of big data
Parallel, accelerated, and distributed big data
Data visualization of big data
Security and privacy of big data
Soft computing for big data
Multimedia big-data-driven IoT
Application of Big data Analytics
Novel algorithms, models, frameworks, platforms in big-data-driven IoT for smart solutions
Soft computing for Medical and Industrial IoT




Please direct special issue inquiries to Corresponding Guest Editor, Dr. Akshi Kumar



Please submit your papers online to our web-based manuscript submission and peer-review at: www.liebertpub.com/manuscript/big



Big Data is a highly innovative, peer-reviewed journal, provides a unique forum for world-class research exploring the challenges and opportunities in collecting, analyzing, and disseminating vast amounts of data, including data science, big data infrastructure and analytics, and pervasive computing.



Deadline for manuscript submission: October 5, 2020



Advantages of publishing in Big Data include:

l   Fast and user-friendly electronic submission

l   Rapid, high-quality peer review

l   Maximum exposure: accessible in 170 countries worldwide

l   Open Access options available



Guest Editors:

Dr. Naveen Chilamkurti

Department of Computer Science and Computer Engineering,

La Trobe University
Melbourne, VIC, Australia



Dr. Anand Paul

The School of Computer Science and Engineering,

Kyungpook National University
Daegu, South Korea



Dr. Akshi Kumar (Corresponding Guest Editor)

Department of Computer Science and Engineering

Delhi Technological University
New Delhi, India

Email:





Warm wishes,

Naveen



Dr. Naveen Chilamkurti  SMIEEE

Associate Professor and  Head of Cybersecurity Discipline

Computer Science and IT

La Trobe University, Melbourne, Australia

Google Scholar website https://scholar.google.com.au/citations?user=KWi1vtkAAAAJ&hl=en
