[Apologies for multiple postings]
-----------------------------------------------------------

Title:"Information Hiding, Network Steganography, and Covert Channels"
Guest Editor:
Dr. Luca Caviglione
Guest Editor
National Research Council of Italy, Genova, Italy
Interests: Information Hiding; Wireless Networks; Cloud and Networking
Dr. Steffen Wendzel
Guest Editor
Worms University of Applied Sciences, Worms, Germany
Interests: network information hiding; IoT; networking; information
security; data mining; machine learning
Prof. Dr. Wojciech Mazurczyk
Guest Editor
Fern Universitaet in Hagen, Hagen, Germany
Interests: information hiding; network security; bio-inspired cybersecurity
Deadline for manuscript submissions: 30 September 2020.
More detailed:
https://www.mdpi.com/journal/computers/special_issues/InformationHiding_NetworkSteganography_CovertChannels


Special Issue Information

Dear Colleagues,

Information hiding techniques and network covert channels are becoming
fundamental to assess the security characteristics of the Internet. On
the one hand, they can be used as offensive tools to empower malware,
for instance, to bypass security policies of infected nodes, to secretly
exfiltrate data towards remote command and control facilities, or to
orchestrate a botnet or launch an attack without being detected by
de-facto standard security tools. On the other hand, information hiding
and network covert channels can be used to enforce copyright of digital
artifacts via watermarking, trace network flows for traffic engineering
purposes, and implement privacy enhancing services. From this
perspective, this Special Issue aims at collecting new work addressing
different aspects of information hiding and network covert channels.

Authors are invited to submit original work on (but not limited to) the
following topics:

Model detection techniques and the mitigation of information
hiding-capable threats;
Colluding application attacks and exfiltration techniques;
New mechanisms to orchestrate botnets and hide data exfiltration;
Novel detection techniques for network covert channels, with an emphasis
on scalability;
Advanced network covert channels, for instance, those leveraging
reversible steganographic methods;
Information hiding for obfuscation, anti-forensics techniques, and
covert data storage;
Watermarking of network flows for traffic engineering and security;
Privacy enhancing frameworks based on information hiding.

Dr. Luca Caviglione
Dr. Steffen Wendzel
Prof. Dr. Wojciech Mazurczyk
Guest Editors

Keywords

Information hiding
Network security
Steganography
Malware obfuscation
Covert channels
Privacy enhancing technologies

Manuscript Submission Information

Manuscripts should be submitted online at www.mdpi.com by registering
and logging in to this website. Once you are registered, click here to
go to the submission form. Manuscripts can be submitted until the
deadline. All papers will be peer-reviewed. Accepted papers will be
published continuously in the journal (as soon as accepted) and will be
listed together on the special issue website. Research articles, review
articles as well as short communications are invited. For planned
papers, a title and short abstract (about 100 words) can be sent to the
Editorial Office for announcement on this website.

Submitted manuscripts should not have been published previously, nor be
under consideration for publication elsewhere (except conference
proceedings papers). All manuscripts are thoroughly refereed through a
single-blind peer-review process. A guide for authors and other relevant
information for submission of manuscripts is available on the
Instructions for Authors page. Computers is an international
peer-reviewed open access quarterly journal published by MDPI.

Please visit the Instructions for Authors page before submitting a
manuscript. The Article Processing Charge (APC) for publication in this
open access journal is 1000 CHF (Swiss Francs). If you have an interest,
we can offer some discount for you. Submitted papers should
be well formatted and use good English. Authors may use MDPI's English
editing service prior to publication or during author revisions.



--
Mr. Blink Yu
Managing Editor
E-Mail: blink.yu@mdpi.com
Skype: live:c91693ac8277e1f0
-- 
MDPI Wuhan Office
No.6 Jingan Road, 430064 Wuhan, China

MDPI
Postfach, CH-4020 Basel, Switzerland
http://www.mdpi.com
-- 
Disclaimer: MDPI recognizes the importance of data privacy and
protection. We treat personal data in line with the General Data
Protection Regulation (GDPR) and with what the community expects of us.
The information contained in this message is confidential and intended
solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are
addressed. If you have received this message in error, please notify me
and delete this message from your system. You may not copy this message
in its entirety or in part, or disclose its contents to anyone.  