
The 16th International Conference on Mobility, Sensing and Networking

(IEEE MSN 2020)
December 17-19, Tokyo, Japan

https://conference.cs.cityu.edu.hk/msn2020/index.php





CALL FOR POSTERS and DEMOS

Technical demonstrations and posters showing/presenting innovative and original research are solicited. In general IEEE MSN is interested in demonstrations and posters of technology that validate important research issues or showcase realistic applications in the following topics of interest (but not limited to):

Algorithms, Theory, and Protocols
Systems & Tools
Experiments & Applications
Mobile & Wireless Networks
Edge and Fog Computing
Network Security, Privacy, Trust, and Blockchain
Big Data and AI in Networking
Wireless and Ubiquitous Sensing


POSTER and DEMO SUBMISSION INSTRUCTIONS

Submissions should be a two-page abstract/proposal that follows IEEE Computer Society Proceedings Format (double column, 10pt font, letter paper) and submitted in PDF file format: refer to the IEEE submission instructions for details. Be as specific as possible in describing what you will demonstrate or display as poster or demo. In the submission, specify clearly whether you will be presenting a poster or a demo (the latter can be accompanied by a poster also). The demo/poster session will have power and wireless Internet connectivity available. If a demonstration requires special arrangements or additional equipment, please detail it in the submission. All additional equipment/needs are subject to budget approval. Abstracts of accepted demos/posters will be included in the MSN2020 Proceedings. Accepted and presented abstracts will be submitted to IEEE Xplore®.



Poster/Demo submissions should be made via EasyChair using this

link: https://conference.cs.cityu.edu.hk/msn2020/submission.php .



In the submission, please select poster presentation or demonstration.

For demos, providing a web link to a 90 second video is recommended.



IMPORTANT DATES

Two-page poster or demo descriptions: 11:59 pm (GMT), September 22nd, 2020

Notification of acceptance: October 10, 2020

IEEE MSN 2020 Conference dates: December 17-19, 2020

IEEE MSN 2020 Poster/Demo Session Dates: to be announced





