
The Second IEEE International Conference on Cognitive Machine Intelligence (IEEE CogMI 2020)

(Co-located with IEEE CIC and IEEE TPS)

Dec 1-3, 2020. FULLY VIRTUAL
http://www.sis.pitt.edu/lersais/conference/cogmi/2020/

Important Dates (Round 2 Submissions)



Abstract Submission (optional)
Sept. 12, 2020
Full Paper Submission
Sept. 20, 2020
Notification of Acceptance
Oct. 20, 2020
Camera-ready Submission
Nov. 4, 2020

Because of COVID-19, we have decided to reschedule the conference on Dec 1-3 as a FULLY VIRTUAL event.

The cognitive machine intelligence (CogMI) is creating unprecedented opportunities for impactful scientific innovations and societal transformations by significantly augmenting the human ability for problem solving and rapid decision making in terms of speed, precision, and variety, while fostering innovations in all our human endeavors from scientific discoveries, solving long-standing healthcare problems, modeling highly interconnected and globally distributed systems, and so forth. As we enter the new social, physical and cyber world empowered by such cognitive machine intelligence, it is important to understand and explore the foundational characteristics of the algorithmic theory and processes behind the cognitive machine intelligence, the behavioral and cognitive enhancement of intelligent machines that promote a productive and creative partnership and collaboration between the humans and the machines so as to ensure an equitable, fair and transparent CogMI-enhanced society and cyber-physical-social worlds around us.

The goal of the IEEE Conference on Cognitive Machine Intelligence (IEEE CogMI) is to create a research and development forum on cognitive machine intelligence to foster research results on AI and ML with cognitive science and behavioral science. It promotes productive collaborations among experts from multiple disciplines, such as but not limited to computer science, electronic and computer engineering, information science, economics, industrial engineering, psychology, social and behavioral sciences, biological and physical sciences, and ethics, law, and policy. IEEE CogMI 2020 aims to be a premier, highly multidisciplinary forum to foster interaction and exchange of innovative ideas, and collaboration among researchers, practitioners, philosophers from academia, industry and government sectors who are interested in developing innovative AI/ML algorithms, applications and systems by integrating cognitive science and putting humans in the loop, promoting innovations in cognitive machine intelligence.

Topics

Topics of interest are broadly from the areas of machine intelligence, behavior and cognition. Please check the conference website for details.

Tracks

CogMI2020 will have the research track, industry/government track, and blue-sky/vision track. Please check the website for submission details.

Panels and Tutorials

We welcome panel, and tutorial proposals. Please check the web site for details.

Awards

IEEE CogMI will feature a Best Paper Award and a Best Student Paper Award (to be selected by the program committee/best paper award team). A paper is eligible for the Best Student Paper Award if the first author is a full-time student at the time of submission. A partial travel grant or cash award may be offered to the winner student depending on fund availability.




