
December 2 - 4, 2020 | Viana do Castelo, Portugal Cyberspace
Submission Deadline: July 23, 2020 (extended)

EAI is proud to announce that IC4S is going virtual and beyond borders.

Get the same full publication and indexing, enjoy EAI’s fair evaluation and recognition, present your paper to a global audience, and experience virtual meetings live as well as on-demand from the safety and comfort of your home.

IC4S 2020 will take place online due to safety concerns and travel restrictions caused by COVID-19. Although we will miss having everyone meet and connect in person, we feel strongly that knowledge exchange must continue, if not more so. That is why we have equipped our online conferences with live viewing with chat, virtual Q&A, and a multitude of other measures to provide you with a great experience. All of this while making the registration for co-authors and non-authors completely free to give you the biggest possible audience. You can learn more about EAI’s online conferences here.


sCOPE



IC4S is a premier conference that aims to bring together leading academic scientists, researchers and research scholars to exchange and share their experiences and research results on all aspects of Cognitive Computing Techniques and Cyber-Physical Systems (CPS). It provides a premier interdisciplinary platform to present and discuss the most recent innovations, trends and practical challenges encountered as well as solutions.

We are pleased to invite you to submit your paper to IC4S 2020. Submissions should be in English, following the Springer formatting guidelines (see Submission). 	

Submit Paper	


Read More: Call for Papers	







call for workshop proposals



EAI International Conference on Cognitive Computing and Cyber Physical Systems invites the workshop proposals. Workshop should be focused on current and future trends in technology development in IoT, 5G, Industry 4.0, Cognitive radio networks, vehicular networks, Big data and other hot topics; facilitated by a group of leading researchers and pioneers in their respective areas.

Read more: Call for Workshop Proposals	



Publication

All registered papers will be submitted for publishing by Springer and made available through SpringerLink Digital Library.

Proceedings will be submitted for inclusion in leading indexing services, Ei Compendex, ISI Web of Science, Scopus, CrossRef, Google Scholar, DBLP, as well as EAI’s own EU Digital Library (EUDL).

Authors of selected best accepted and presented papers will be invited to submit an extended version to:

    Wireless Networks (WINET) Journal (IF: 2.405)
    Mobile Networks and Applications (MONET) Journal (IF: 2.390)

All accepted authors are eligible to submit an extended version in a fast track of:

    EAI Endorsed Transactions on Industrial Networks and Intelligent Systems (Open Access)
    EAI Endorsed Transactions on Cognitive Communications (Open Access)
    EAI Endorsed Transactions on Internet of Things (Open Access)

Additional publication opportunities:

    EAI/Springer Innovations in Communications and Computing Book Series


Important dates

Submission Deadline: July 23, 2020 (extended)

Notification Deadline: september 3, 2020

Camera-ready deadline: october 5, 2020 

Conference dates: december 2 - 4, 2020