
Hi Everyone,

We are extremely excited to announce the 1st Workshop on People-centric Operations, to be held virtually in conjunction with ACM EC, on July 23, 2021!

The workshop aims to address research questions arising from social systems whose operations critically rely on the participation of a large number of individuals. Examples include modern online platforms, decentralized energy markets, cryptocurrencies and distributed ledgers, etc. Whether intermediated by a centralized entity or wholly decentralized, the operations of these systems are complicated by the underlying complex network structures, the challenges of large-scale alignment of incentives, and of learning from data. Moreover, the decentralized and people-centric nature of processes on these platforms entails working with “indirect” operational levers such as recommendations, signaling, information design, and user interface design. They further pose additional constraints pertaining to fairness and ethics. This workshop will bring together researchers from across operations management, computer science, and economics to explore new challenges and research directions in such crowd-based systems.

Potential areas include:
Operations with crowds and volunteers

Distributed ledgers and payment systems
Decentralized energy markets and cloud energy storage
Crowdfunding and micro-investing
Decentralized decision-making and crowdsourced democracy
Operational challenges in sharing economy and online labor platforms
Achieving operational goals through information design, recommendations, and other new levers


Authors of papers accepted to the main program will be invited to present their work at the workshop. The workshop will also host a poster session and the authors can indicate whether they would like their paper to be considered for the poster session.

Important Information:
Paper Submission Deadline: 14 May 2021

Paper Submission Page: Easychair
Notification: 21 June 2021
Event Date: July 23, 2021


Submission Requirements

Papers should be submitted on Easychair. There are no formatting requirements or page limits, but we will instruct reviewers that they do not have to read past the first 8 pages. Please ensure that relevance to the workshop theme, scientific merit, and any potential for impact are evident in the first 8 pages. Submitted pdfs should be fully anonymized. If you have any questions, please contact the organizing committee.

Organizing Committee:
Nikhil Garg, UC Berkeley

Vijay Kamble, University of Illinois at Chicago
Vahideh Manshadi, Yale University

Best,
Vijay Kamble
(on behalf of the organizing committee)




