December 10 - 11, 2020 | N/A, Cyberspace
Submission Deadline: September 15, 2020 (late track)

EAI is proud to announce that HealthWear is going virtual and beyond borders.

Get the same full publication and indexing, enjoy EAI’s fair evaluation and recognition, present your paper to a global audience, and experience virtual meetings live as well as on-demand from the safety and comfort of your home.

SCOPE
A variety of relevant health and fitness parameters are now being captured via an ecosystem of consumer-oriented wearable self-tracking devices, smartphone apps and related services. Techniques from information science, sociology, psychology, statistics, machine learning and data mining are applied to analyze collected data.

HealthWear will bring together researchers, developers, designer and industry professionals from both Healthcare community and University to discuss key issues, opportunities and obstacles for personal health data research. These include challenges of capturing, summarizing, presenting and retrieving relevant information from heterogeneous sources to support a new vision of pervasive personal healthcare.

We are pleased to invite you to submit your paper to HealthWear 2020. Submissions should be in English, following the Springer formatting guidelines (see Submission).

Read More: Call for Papers

Submit Paper
HealthWear 2020 will take place online due to safety concerns and travel restrictions caused by COVID-19. Although we will miss having everyone meet and connect in person, we feel strongly that knowledge exchange must continue, if not more so. That is why we have equipped our online conferences with live viewing with chat, virtual Q&A, and a multitude of other measures to provide you with a great experience. All of this while making the registration for co-authors and non-authors completely free to give you the biggest possible audience. You can learn more about EAI’s online conferences here.

PUBLICATION
All registered papers will be submitted for publication by Springer and made available through SpringerLink Digital Library.

Proceedings will be submitted for inclusion in leading indexing services, Ei Compendex, ISI Web of Science, Scopus, CrossRef, Google Scholar, DBLP, as well as EAI’s own EU Digital Library (EUDL).

Authors of selected papers will be invited to submit an extended version to:

Sensors Special Issue (IF: 3.031)
All accepted authors are eligible to submit an extended version in a fast track of:

EAI Endorsed Transactions on Pervasive Health and Technology
(Open Access) - Scopus indexed
Additional publication opportunities:

EAI/Springer Innovations in Communications and Computing Book Series
IMPORTANT DATES

FULL PAPER SUBMISSION DEADLINE: SEPTEMBER 15, 2020 (LATE TRACK)

NOTIFICATION DEADLINE: OCTOBER 5, 2020

CAMERA-READY DEADLINE: OCTOBER 21, 2020

CONFERENCE DATES: DECEMBER 10 - 11, 2020






