
Future Technologies Conference (FTC) 2021
28-29 October 2021

We'd like to invite you to submit your papers/posters for the Future Technologies Conference (FTC) 2021 to be held from 28-29 October 2021.

FTC attracts researchers, scientists and technologists from some of the top companies, universities, research firms and government agencies from around the world. Each paper will be reviewed by at least three regular PC members or two senior PC members. The acceptance decisions will take into account paper novelty, technical depth, elegance, practical or theoretic impact, and presentation.

The conference programme will include paper presentations, along with prominent keynote speakers, industrial workshops, roundtable discussions and networking sessions. It is a very-well attended conference by industry, government, and academia to share information, network, explore ideas, and learn about emerging trends and today's hottest and most provocative technology topics.

Important Dates:
Paper Submission Due : 15 March 2021
Acceptance Notification : 15 April 2021
Author Registration : 15 May 2021
Camera Ready Submission : 15 June 2021
Conference Dates : 28-29 October 2021

IMPORTANT NOTE: In view of the COVID-19 uncertainty, we want to reassure everyone that if travel is not feasible, you will be able to participate online/virtually.

Complete details are available on the conference website : http://saiconference.com/FTC

FTC 2021 papers will be will be published in Springer series "Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing" and submitted for indexing to ISI Proceedings, EI-Compendex, DBLP, SCOPUS, Google Scholar and Springerlink. The publications within "Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing" are primarily proceedings of important conferences, symposia and congresses. They cover significant recent developments in the field, both of a foundational and applicable character.

FTC 2021 promises to provide the perfect setting for researchers and practitioners to reflect on the substantial progress made by the academic community over the last few years as well as to anticipate where we might head throughout the next few.

Looking forward to your submissions.

Regards,
Kohei Arai
Program Chair
Future Technologies Conference - FTC

View recent conference recap | Unsubscribe

