
EAI MobiQuitous 2021
Beppu, Japan
November 8 - 11, 2021 | Original Location: Beppu, Japan
Full Paper Submission Deadline: June 20, 2021
Workshop Proposals Due: May 11, 2021
Poster/Demo Submission Deadline: August 24, 2021

Submit your Workshop proposals to become a member of the organizing committee or take part in the Posters and Demo track - learn more below.

EAI MobiQuitous 2021 will be held as a fully-fledged online conference (with an on-site possibility). Participate online and join the conference from wherever you are located!

Get the same full publication and indexing, enjoy EAI’s fair evaluation and recognition, present your paper to a global audience, and experience virtual meetings live as well as on-demand from the safety and comfort of your home.

Find out what EAI conference live streams look like and discover unique benefits that online participation brings you - learn more.

If the local situation allows it, the event will take place in its original location with an option for all authors to present remotely. In any case, all matters related to publication and indexing will remain unchanged.

SCOPE
The goal of the eighteenth annual International Conference on Mobile and Ubiquitous Systems: Computing, Networking and Services (MobiQuitous 2021) is to provide a forum for presenting and discussing high-quality research in the field, involving international practitioners and researchers from diverse backgrounds. MobiQuitous 2021 will thus foster research collaboration through focused discussions, interaction and exchange of experiences that will designate future research efforts and directions.

We are pleased to invite you to submit your paper to EAI MobiQuitous 2021. Submissions should be in English, following the Springer formatting guidelines (see Submission).

Submit Paper
Read more: Call for Papers

EAI MobiQuitous is a top ranked conference venue for researchers
with a CORE conference ranking: A. MobiQuitous authors have enjoyed
over 9000+ citations, with average 8,91 citations per paper and h-index 38 (Scopus).

Watch the full recording of the EAI MobiQuitous 2020 livestream
(Keynote: Lin Wang, VU Amsterdam) and get involved in this edition!



