Dear Dr Zhanikeev,

Cambridge Scholars Publishing are inviting proposals for academic books and edited collections in Physical Sciences. We would be pleased if you would consider submitting a proposal. Cambridge Scholars Publishing Limited is not affiliated to, or associated with, Cambridge University Press or the University of Cambridge.

Cambridge Scholars Publishing are committed to supporting long-form research dissemination in all our fields of academic and scholarly publishing, through the publication of monographs and edited collections. This is, and will remain, our core focus in the years ahead. We publish in all major fields of academic research and practice, including Humanities and Social Sciences, Physical Sciences, Life Sciences, and Health Sciences. You can read more about our approach to ‘Doing Simple Things, Well’, in the No Shelf Required online magazine.

Cambridge Scholars Publishing has grown to be one of the world’s leading scholarly book publishers, with a backlist of more than 8000 titles, and more than 700 academic books due to publish this year. 2021 marks the 20th anniversary of our foundation in Cambridge, UK.

Cambridge Scholars Publishing aims to put our authors at the heart of everything we do. We bring that ambition into our publishing operations with our Author Promises:

• Fast, fair and friendly proposal review;
• Publication in handsome hardback, as well as eBook formats, for our academic library customers;
• Worldwide distribution to research and study centres across the globe, via our international network including Amazon, Ebsco/GOBI, ProQuest and Ingram;
• A book published with us is always in-stock, and always available for sale, thanks to our unique Print on Time global distribution system;
• An escalating royalty payment—the more titles sold, the higher the royalty rate, from the first copy sold;
• No charges for publication.

To submit a scholarly book proposal in Physical Sciences, please visit our website, where you can complete a Book Proposal Form, and find out more about us.

Alternatively, you can reply to me for more information. I look forward to hearing from you.

Kind regards,

Helen Edwards
Commissioning Editor

Web:   www.cambridgescholars.com
Email:   helen.edwards@cambridgescholars.com
Social Media: Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Instagram

We have recently updated our Privacy Policy. Click here to see it.

Cambridge Scholars Publishing publishes in Health Sciences, Life Sciences, Physical Sciences, and Social Sciences. Established in 2001, our operational headquarters are in the historic Lady Stephenson Library, Newcastle upon Tyne, United Kingdom, with representative offices in Berlin, Germany, Barcelona, Spain and Beijing, China. Cambridge Scholars Publishing Limited is not affiliated to or associated with Cambridge University Press or the University of Cambridge. Cambridge Scholars Publishing Ltd is registered in England. Reg. No: 04333775; VAT No: 108280727

If you experience any difficulty reading this message, please send us an email to admin@cambridgescholars.com.

Click here to Unsubscribe


