June 6-7, 2021 | Dalian, People's Republic of China
Submission Deadline: January 18, 2021 (extended)

We are welcoming online submissions from all over the world to accommodate any possible travel restrictions. Accepted Authors who are unable to attend the event in person will be given an opportunity to present their paper remotely.

EAI is actively monitoring the COVID-19 situation to ensure the safety, comfort and quality of experience for attendees and a successful course of the event in 2021.

SCOPE
GreeNets 2021 (8th EAI International Conference on Green Energy and Networking) aims to establish an international and multidisciplinary discussion opportunity for academic scientists, researchers, and professionals to exchange ideas and recent results (both positive and negative ones) in green energy, communications and networking. Recent developments and applications in AI are also of great interests.

We are pleased to invite you to submit your paper to GreeNets 2021. Submissions should be in English, following the Springer formatting guidelines (see Submission).

Submit Paper
Watch the full recording of the EAI GreeNets 2020 livestream (Keynotes: Prof. Weixing Li, Dalian University of Technology and Prof. Fan-Yi Meng, Harbin Institute of Technology)
and get involved in this year’s edition!

Read more: Call for Papers

PUBLICATIONS

All registered papers will be submitted for publishing by Springer and made available through SpringerLink Digital Library.

GreeNets proceedings are indexed in leading indexing services, including Ei Compendex, ISI Web of Science, Scopus, CrossRef, Google Scholar, DBLP, as well as EAI’s own EU Digital Library (EUDL).

Authors of selected papers will be invited to submit an extended version to one of the following:

Mobile Networks and Applications (MONET) Journal (IF: 2.602)
All accepted authors are eligible to submit an extended version in a fast track of:

EAI Endorsed Transactions on Energy Web (Open Access) – indexed in Scopus
Additional publication opportunities:

EAI/Springer Innovations in Communications and Computing Book Series
EAI is committed to holding the conference in 2021 and Accepted Authors who are unable to attend the event in person will be given an option to present their submission online. In case the situation prevents the event from taking place in its original location, it will be held fully in an interactive, live online setting. All matters related to publication and indexing will remain unchanged. Find out what EAI conference live streams look like and discover unique benefits that online participation brings you: Learn more

Accepted Authors will be notified about the final decision regarding the conference format
before the Camera-ready deadline.

IMPORTANT DATES

FULL PAPER SUBMISSION DEADLINE: JANUARY 18, 2021 (EXTENDED)

NOTIFICATION DEADLINE: FEBRUARY 17, 2021

CAMERA-READY DEADLINE: MARCH 17, 2021

CONFERENCE DATES: JUNE 6 - 7, 2021

Meet the EAI GreeNets 2021 Organizing Committee

General Chairs
Peng Li - Dalian Polytechnic University, China
Fanyi Meng - Harbin Institute of Technology, China
Technical Program Committee Chairs
Jun Mou - Dalian Polytechnic University, China
Zhenyu Na - Dalian Maritime University, China
See the full organizing committee here.

EAI COMMUNITY BENEFITS
Community Review
Granting you visibility and
fair review through
Community Review.
Recognition
Credits counting towards your   EAI Index , membership ranks and global recognition.
EAI  Compass
Receive invaluable real-time feedback on your presentation on-site via EAI Compass.
Not an EAI member yet? Join for free and start benefiting!


