


---deadline--- 210730 IEEE.IoTaIS.IoT.intelsystems

CALL FOR PAPERS
The 2021 IEEE Conference on Internet of Things and Intelligence Systems (IoTaIS'2021) 
 
Bali - Indonesia, January 27-28, 2021
http://iotais.org/
=====================================
Papers Submission: July 30, 2021
https://edas.info/N28582
=====================================
 
It is our great pleasure to welcome you to The 2021 IEEE Conference on Internet of Things and Intelligence Systems (IoTaIS'2021) . The conference will be held on November 23-24, 2021 as Virtual Event. This conference is organized and sponsored by the IEEE Indonesia  Communication Society Chapter and supported by Telkom University, IEEE IoT Initiative and IPv6 Forum. 
 
Recent developments of Internet of Things (IoT) and Intelligence Systems are numerous and very interesting, covering a wide range of areas, such as: transportation, healthcare, agriculture, manufacturing, smart city and many more. Many new ideas and research results in these fields continues to emerge from time to time. Unfortunately, there only exist a few events in the region with suitable places to present the ideas as well as to exhibit the recent research results of IoT and Intelligence Systems. International Conference on IoT and Intelligence Systems (IoTaIS) intends to provide solutions to the problems above, by providing a forum for meetings of industry players, researchers and academicians, to showcase the latest research results, to collaborate and to share ideas for the advancement of IoT and Intelligence Systems.
 
This conference will provide an international forum for researchers, academicians, professionals, and students from various engineering fields and with cross-disciplinary interests in IoT and Intelligence Systems to interact and disseminate information on the latest developments. The conference will include technical sessions, tutorials and technology and business panels. You are invited to submit your papers to the conference. After peer review process, accepted papers will be published in the IoTaIS'2021 Conference Proceedings and presented papers will be submitted to IEEE Xplore after each paper is thoroughly reviewed and (if any) satisfactorily modified according to the reviewer comments.
 
 
 
==============
RELATED TOPICS
 
IoTaIS'2021 invites papers, original & unpublished work from individuals active in the broad theme of the conference. Potential topics include, but are not limited to:
 
#Track 1: Vertical Oriented IoT Applications
Smart Transportation
Connected Car, Automotive
Intelligent Transportation 
Highway, Rail Systems
Emergency vehicle notification systems
Automatic road enforcement
Smart Traffic Light 
Smart Collision Avoidance
Smart Tele-healthcare
Healthcare, e-Health, Assisted Living
Smart Telecardiolgy and Telenursing
Telerehabilitation and Teletrauma
Smart Agriculture 
Environmental Monitoring
Smart Manufacturing
Utilities Management and Operation 
Logistics and Supply Chain Optimization
Production Flow Monitoring
Health of Machinery
Industrial IoT
Smart Cities
Smart Home, Building Management and Operation Automation
Smart Grid and Energy Management
 
#Track 2: Computer and Devices Technologies for IoT
Embedded Computer and Systems
Sensors and Actuators
Interfaces 
Software for IoT 
Storage and Data Management for IoT
Computing for IoT
Cloud and Fog Computing
Edge and Mobile Computing
Platform Based Computing
 
#Track 3: Connectivity for IoT
Legacy Networks
5G Networks
IPv6, 6LoWPAN, RPL, 6TiSCH, W3C
Network Coding
D2d and M2M Communications
High Band, Narrow Band Networks
Software Defined Networks
Sensor Network
Massive IoT
 
#Track 4: Application and Services
Platforms and Framework
Cyber-physical systems
Big data and IoT Data Analytics
Semantic Technologies, Collective Intelligence
Horizontal application development for IoT
Service Experiences and Analysis 
Green IoT: Sustainable Design and Technologies 
IoT Experimental Results and Deployment Scenarios 
Security and Privacy for Internet of Things
Identification and authentication issues
Intrusion and Attacks in IoT
Cryptography, key management and authorization for IoT
 
#Track 5: Intelligence Systems
Deep Learning
Neural Networks
Fuzzy Logic
Expert Systems
Computational Intelligence
Natural Language Processing
Data Mining
Support Vector Machines
Biometrics
Sentiment Analysis
Machine Vision
Human Computer Interaction
Pattern Recognition
Image/Video Processing
Intrusion Detection
Geographic Information Systems
Signal Processing
Medical Diagnosis
Segmentation Techniques
Augmented Reality
Virtual Reality
Ambient Intelligence
Agents and Multi-agent Systems
Context-aware pervasive systems
 
 
================
IMPORTANT DATES
 
Full Papers Submission :
July 30, 2021

Acceptance Notification :
September 30, 2021

Authors Registration Deadline :
October  30, 2021

Final Manuscript Deadline :
October 30, 2021

Conference Date : November 23-24, 2021




---deadline--- 210528 IEEE.GlobalComm.Conference

IEEE Global Communications Conference
7-11 December 2021
Madrid, Spain

Selected Areas in Communication Symposium: Social Networks Track

SCOPE AND MOTIVATION
Recently, social network research has advanced rapidly with the prevalence of online social applications and
mobile social communications systems. Moreover, the ongoing pandemic via contact social networks has
caused tremendous human life and economic loss around the world, and infodemic is one of the major social
impacts that make people difficult to discriminate trustworthy sources, from false and manipulative information
sources. Therefore, researchers are increasingly interested in addressing a wide spectrum of challenges in
social networks, such as developing social-aware algorithms for communications systems, identifying the
topological common structures and information/influence flows, analyzing the social media and evolutions of
social graphs, and exploiting location-based and contextual information embedded in mobile social networks to
create innovative applications. Due to the interdisciplinary nature, social networks have also attracted intensive
research interests across multiple disciplines, including artificial intelligence, blockchain, big data analytics,
information security and privacy protection, psychology, and marketing. In light of the above crucial needs,
Selected Areas in Communication Symposium in Social Networks will serve as a forum for researchers and
technologists to discuss the state-of-the-art, present their contributions, and set future directions in social
networks.

TOPICS OF INTEREST
- Infrastructure, platform, protocol design, and optimization for mobile social networks, mobile social clouds, and social Internet-of-Things with Artificial Intelligence
- Social-aware network solutions and social network influence on (wireless) communications systems
- Cross-layer design for social networks and the underlying communications and network platforms, and subsequent new design paradigm for future (wireless) communications
- Network graph modeling, measurements, simulations, and experiments
- Analysis of dynamics and control of belief, influence, and rumor propagations in the evolutions of social networks
- Data mining, machine learning, information retrieval, signal processing, and artificial intelligence in social media and social contexts
- Trusted networking, privacy and security, user behaviors and dynamics, and digital right management, for big data in social networks
- Innovative social network applications and services to mobile Internet, multimedia networks, mobilecommerce, cyber-physical systems, and their potential social, economic, and cultural impacts
- Multidisciplinary and interdisciplinary research on social networks

IMPORTANT DATES
- Deadline for paper submission: 28 May 2021 (FIRM)
- Date for notification: 25 July 2021
- Deadline for final paper submission: 1 September 2021



---deadline--- 210831 (elsevier)distributed.AI.for.edgenets

DISTRIBUTED INTELLIGENCE AT THE EDGE FOR THE FUTURE INTERNET OF THINGS  -

JOURNAL OF PARALLEL AND DISTRIBUTED COMPUTING

WEBSITE:
https://www.journals.elsevier.com/journal-of-parallel-and-distributed-computing/call-for-papers/distributed-intelligence-at-the-edge-for-the-future


IMPOTRANT DATES:

Submission deadline: 31-AUGUST-2021 (EXTENDED)
Acceptance deadline: 31-JANUARY-2022 (EXTENDED)
Publication: EARLY 2022

SCOPE:
Currently and even more in the future, business, industry, finance and retail, healthcare, media, entertainment and many others, are and will be completely managed, coordinated, and controlled using huge amounts of data. These operations are performed by the Internet of Things (IoT) system of connected computing, digital, and mechanical devices, all of them named using unique identifiers (UIDs) and able to transfer data over a network without human intervention.

To extract value from such massive data volumes, processing power offered by cloud computing is still utilized. However, streaming data to the cloud exposes some limitations related to the increased communication and data transfer, which introduces delays and consumes network bandwidth. Another limitation that cloud-based computing for IoT poses is limited network connectivity. Therefore, the adoption of cloud computing to process data generated by IoT devices may not be applicable at all to classes of applications such as those needed for real-time, low latency, and mobile applications. Therefore, it is beyond imagination to use cloud computing to collect data, store, and work out results. Therefore, there has been a move towards mobile communication and edge computing. Billions of devices have been connected to the Internet and created zettabytes of data items. The problem remains on how to extract information from collected data best.

The use of Artificial Intelligence, machine learning, neural network, and data analytic techniques in edge processing resulted in a new inter-disciplinary field that enables distributed intelligence with edge devices and is known as distributed edge AI or edge intelligence. However, research on edge AI and distributed edge AI is still relatively new, and thus models, techniques, and protocols supporting intelligent management, querying and mining of large-scale amounts of data produced at the edge are required. A lot of challenges related to providing edge intelligence include training edge devices, so they can become smarter and smarter. There is also a need of the presentation of the most recent outcome of research of distributed intelligence. This need could be illustrated by a smart city that contains for instance: garages, parkings, car washing systems, traffic unloading centrals etc. – usually belonging to different companies and running different protocols. A most likely scenario is that these devices could use different AI systems to support their activities. However, all of them are parts of one interconnected smart city; different AI systems must cooperate for common goal(s). Thus, we need distributed intelligence. Examples and different AI systems working for different edges could be multiplied; they support a variety of edges. All want to make money, kick competitors from the market out, and grab their systems. Furthermore, there is an emphasis on creating better software and algorithms that can run efficiently on resource-constrained devices. Moreover, purpose-built hardware at the edge is becoming increasingly important in the field of machine learning because companies can run software much more efficiently if they use specialized chips. Another key challenge of distributed edge AI will be the continued improvement of user interfaces that are used to communicate with other humans, including text, voice, vision, and different forms of body language.

These only are some of the challenges of edge intelligence. This field is expected to arise in the upcoming years and become an essential part of the next generation of the Internet of Things that expands its reach into almost every domain. Therefore, this Special Issue seeks to identify and provide high-quality research on recent advances on edge AI and distributed edge AI. We are interested in all aspects pertaining to this multidisciplinary paradigm.


TOPICS OF INTEREST
Topics of interest include, but are not limited to, the following:

· Distributed Intelligence at the Edge
· Modeling and Development of IoT applications using Edge AI
· Distributed AI with/for Secure Edge Networking
· Machine-Learning Algorithms for IoT Applications
· Optimization, Control, And Automation in Edge Computing for IoT
· Secure Intelligent IoT-Edge Systems
· Secure Intelligent Coordination and Networking Between IoT, Edge, and Cloud
· AI-Based Resource Allocation in IoT-Edge Systems
· Trust and Privacy Management in Intelligent IoT-Edge Systems
· Quality of Service and Energy Efficiency for Intelligent IoT-Edge Systems
· Data Mining and Big Data Analytics for Security and Resource Management in IoT-Edge Systems
· Distributed Ledger Technologies and Blockchain in IoT Environments

SUBMISSION GUIDELINES
Original, high-quality contributions that are not yet published or that are not currently under review by other journals or peer-reviewed conferences are sought. Papers will be peer-reviewed by independent reviewers and selected based on originality, scientific quality, and relevance to this Special Issue. The Guest Editors will make final decisions about the acceptance of the papers.
Authors should prepare their manuscript according to the Guide for Authors available from the online submission page of the Journal of Parallel and Distributed Computing.


GUEST EDITORS

Andrzej Goscinski
Deakin University, Australia
andrzej.goscinski@deakin.edu.au

Flavia C. Delicato
Fluminense Federal University, Brazil
fdelicato@gmail.com or fdelicato@ic.uff.br 

Anna Kobusińska
Poznań University of Technology, Poland
Anna.kobusinka@cs.put.poznan.pl

Gautam Srivastava
Brandon University, Canada
srivastavag@brandonu.ca

Giancarlo Fortino
University of Calabria, Italy
g.fortino@unical.it



---deadline--- 210531 IEEE.ICS2.smartcities

The 7th IEEE International Smart Cities Conference (IEEE ISC2 2021) September 7-10, 2021 (Virtual Conference) https://attend.ieee.org/isc2-2021/

 

Sponsored by

-------------

IEEE Smart Cities, IEEE, IEEE Communications Society IEEE Control Systems Society, IEEE Industry Applications Society IEEE Power & Energy Society, IEEE Systems, Man, and Cybernetics Society Council on Electronic Automation Design

 

IMPORTANT DATES

---------------

Paper Submission Deadline: May 31, 2021

Acceptance Notification: July 15, 2021

Camera-ready Deadline: July 31, 2021

 

------------------------------------------------------------

Submission link: https://www.edas.info/newPaper.php?c=28313

------------------------------------------------------------

 

Please note that one AUTHOR Conference Registration covers up to TWO accepted papers.

 

The 7th IEEE International Smart Cities Conference (ISC2 2021) will be held as a virtual conference, during September 7-10, 2021.

The worldwide governmental restrictions on travel, gatherings, and meetings, imposed to limit and slow down the spread of the novel coronavirus, making it impossible to organize the conference in the traditional format. However, we are confident that the changes induced by the virus to our everyday lives, and the responses given to these new challenges by smart city researchers and practitioners, city policymakers and administrators, critical infrastructure operators and industry representatives, economists and sociologists will generate exciting and edifying presentations and discussions, both as part of our keynote addresses,  panel debates, workshops or research talks. After all, one of the main reasons for making cities smarter and better should be to safely and efficiently  support us, citizens, in such difficult times. Thus, the theme of the conference this year will be: Smart Cities — Post-pandemic vision and challenges.

 

IEEE ISC2 is the flagship conference sponsored by the IEEE Smart Cities Technical Community, a coalition of six IEEE technical societies and organizations. Besides contributions addressing the conference theme, authors are welcome to submit their original research results in traditional topics across broad application and functional domains, within the context of smart urban infrastructure systems.

 

The technical areas include, but are not limited to:

 

• Smart city theory, modeling and simulation • Intelligent infrastructure • Sensors and actuators • Open data and big data analytics • AI powered smart cities services • Safety and security systems • Smart healthcare • Smart emergency management • IoT and Smart X services • Data security and privacy • Connected Vehicle (CV) technologies • Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) • Smart mobility and transportation • Smart energy systems • Smart buildings and Smart grid • Digital city and smart growth • Smart traffic system operations • Environmental monitoring technologies

 

The IEEE International Smart Cities Conference 2021 program will be split into the following tracks:

 

- Track 1: Smart Transportation

- Track 2: Smart Health and Wellbeing

- Track 3: Smart Energy Systems

- Track 4: IoT and Smart X Services

- Track 5: AI and Big Data

- Track 6: Security and Privacy

- Track 7: General Track

 

 

Submission Instructions:

------------------------

Prospective authors are invited to submit high quality original Full or Short papers via the EDAS submission site (https://www.edas.info/newPaper.php?c=28313).

Full papers should describe novel research contributions with evaluation results and are limited to 7 pages.

Short papers, limited in length to four (4) pages, should be more visionary in nature and are meant to discuss new challenges and visions, highlight early research results, and explore novel research directions.

 

All submitted papers must be unpublished and not considered elsewhere for publication should be written in English and formatted according to IEEE Template.

Each submitted paper will pass through the standard IEEE peer-review process and, if accepted and presented at the Conference, will appear in the conference proceedings and will be submitted for inclusion in the IEEE Xplore digital library. Paper contests will include a Conference Best Paper Award and a Best Student Paper Award.

 

Organizing Committee

--------------------

 

General Chairs

Soufiene Djahel, Manchester Metropolitan University, UK Yinhai Wang, University of Washington, USA 

 

Technical Program Chairs

Celimuge Wu, The University of Electro-Communications, Japan Guohui Zhang, University of Hawaii at Manoa, USA 

Ramona Trestian, Middlesex University, UK  

 

Workshop Chairs

Rosaldo Rossetti, University of Porto, Portugal Nadjia Kara, Ecole de Technologies Superieure, Canada

 

Tutorial Chairs

Victor Larios, University of Guadalajara, Mexico Yassine Hadjadj-Aoul, University of Rennes 1, France

 

Panel Chairs

Delia Dimitriu, Connected Places Catapult, UK Alexey Vinel, Halmstad University, Sweden

 

Keynote Chairs

Yacine GHAMRI-DOUDANE, University of La Rochelle, France Zonghua Zhang, Huawei France Research Center, France

 

Publications Chairs

Chun Sing Lai, Brunel University London, UK 

Avishek Nag, University College Dublin, Ireland  

Ruimin Ke, University of Washington, USA 

 

Publicity Chairs

Larissa Paredes Muse, Brazilian Network for Smart & Human Cities, USA (Americas) Sara Paiva, Polytechnic Institute of Viana do Castelo, Portugal (Europe) Intesab Hussain, QUEST, Pakistan (Asia-Pacific) Omar Mawloud, University of Gustave Eiffel, France (Africa and the Middle East)

 

Finance Chair

Emily Kean, ComEd, USA

 

Web Chair

Nelio Cacho, Federal University of Rio Grande do Notre, Brazil

 

Web Masters

Stefano Loss, Federal University of Rio Grande do Norte, Brazil                                                                  

Jack Hodgkiss, Manchester Metropolitan University, UK

 

Technical Tracks

 

Track 1: Smart Transportation

Sidi-Mohammed Senouci, University of Burgundy, France Shen Wang, University College Dublin, Ireland Lei Zhong, Toyota Motor Corporation, Japan Hrishikesh Venkataraman, Indian Institute of Information Technology, India 

 

Track 2: Smart Health and Wellbeing

Agusti Solanas, Universitat Rovira i Virgili, Spain  

Giandomenico Nollo, University of Trento, Italy Saadi Boudjit, University of Paris Sorbonne, France Saraju Mohanty, University of North Texas, USA 

 

Track 3: Smart Energy Systems

Miadreza Shafie-khah, University of Vaasa, Finland Youwei Jia, Southern University of Science and Technology, China Wang Dongxiao, Australia Energy Market Operator, Australia

 

Track 4:  IoT and Smart X services

Yu Chen, Binghamton University, USA 

Lexi Xu, China Unicom, China  

Enrico Natalizio, The University of Lorraine, France 

 

Track 5: AI and big data

Keeley Crockett, Manchester Metropolitan University, UK Xianfu Chen, VTT Technical Research Centre of Finland, Finland Kamal Singh, Telecom Saint Etienne, France

 

Track 6: Security and privacy

Burak Kantarci, University of Ottawa, Canada Prosanta Gope, University of Sheffield, UK

Madhusanka Liyanage, University College Dublin, Ireland  

 

Track 7: General Track

Wei Fang, Jiangnan University, China

Giovanni Masala, Manchester Metropolitan University, UK



---deadline--- 210528 IEEE.DCOSS

3rd International Workshop on Wireless Sensors and Drones in Internet of Things
co-located with DCOSS 2021  
July 14–16, 2021 – Virtual Event

*** Reduced registration fee for all authors: $190 ***

Important dates
- Paper Submission: May 28, 2021 (firm)
- Acceptance Notification: June 11, 2021
- Final manuscript, camera ready: June 18, 2021  

Website: https://widroit2021.github.io

Submission link: https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=widroit2021

Due to the evolution of the health pandemic, the event will be held fully on-line. This will not impact the publication of the DCOSS 2021 proceedings and accepted papers will be included in the IEEE Xplore Proceedings. The virtual program will include live sessions of invited speakers and author presentations, possibly supplemented by online material such as the papers, presentation slides and videos.


Aims and Scope

Recently, the rapid development of Unmanned Autonomous Vehicles (UAVs), also known as drones, has highlighted a plethora of emergent applications such as infrastructure inspection and surveillance, smart agriculture, seek and rescue, parcel delivery, communications, and post-disaster recovery. In all these applications, UAVs may coexist with ground Internet of Things (IoT) devices. For example, UAVs autonomously perform remote sensing relaying the collected data by the sensors. Moreover, single or multiple UAVs can cooperatively collaborate providing services that require efficient protocols where multiple objectives and constraints should be accounted for.


For this workshop, we seek papers that combine the design of algorithms and testbed implementations to develop the theoretical foundations for UAVs as well as the synergies with IoT devices. The numerous emergent applications raised by IoT may require an interdisciplinary approach, involving techniques from algorithm foundations and different areas, such as computer networks, artificial intelligence, concurrent, parallel and distributed computing, security, digital signal, image and sound processing.


Topics of Interest

- Autonomous sensing via UAVs
- Topology monitoring with UAVs
- Remote sensing networks via UAVs
- Communication protocols of UAVs over IoT
- Modeling and analysis of UAVs over IoT
- Precision agriculture and UAVs
- Crops monitoring in agriculture
- Bugs monitoring in agriculture
- UAVs for environmental monitoring
- Autopilot and UAS autonomy
- UAVs path planning and scheduling
- Parcel delivery using UAVs
- Cellular networks and UAVs
- Constrained and multi-objectives problems
- Sensors localization with UAVs
- UAVs tracking techniques
- Cooperative control of multiple UAVs
- Cyber-security communications and UAVs
- Optimal UAV deployment strategies
- Test-beds and experimental results for UAVs
- Single UAV applications
- Multi-UAV applications
- Energy-efficient UAV communications
- Machine learning for UAV communications


Submission

Authors are invited to submit original unpublished manuscripts that demonstrate current research on distributed sensor systems related to Wi-DroIT topics of interest. Please use the US letter size (8.5 x 11 in) standard IEEE conference LaTeX format or Microsoft Word template available on the link below: http://www.ieee.org/conferences_events/conferences/publishing/templates.html

All submissions should be written in English and submitted as a full paper. Full papers should have a maximum of eight (8) printed pages including figures and references. Full papers are expected to describe fully developed ideas with a thorough evaluation. Note that Wi-DroIT does not follow the double-blind review policy. The names and affiliations of all the authors must be present in the submitted manuscript.  

--
Francesco Betti Sorbelli



---deadline--- 210606 ACM.SocialGood

CFP: ACM International Conference on Information Technology for Social
Good (GoodIT 2021)


GoodIT 2021: ACM International Conference on Information Technology for
Social Good

http://www.grc.upv.es/goodit2021/

9-11 September 2021, Rome, Italy

## SPECIAL ISSUES
All accepted papers will be included in the ACM Digital Library.
Selected papers will be invited to submit an extended version to the
following special issues:
+ MDPI "Sensors", Special Issue on: "Application of Information
Technology (IT) to Social Good"
  - 3 papers free of charge and 2 more with a 50% discount.
+ Springer "Multimedia Tools and Applications", Special Issue on
"Information Technology for Social Good [1223]"

## MOTIVATION AND RATIONALE
The conference will focus on the application of IT technologies to
social good. Social good is typically defined as an action that provides
some sort of benefit to the general public. In this case, Internet
connection, education, and healthcare are all good examples of social
goods. However, new media innovations and the explosion of online
communities have added new meaning to the term. Social good is now about
global citizens uniting to unlock the potential of individuals,
technology, and collaboration to create positive societal impact.

## TOPICS
* IT for education
* Data Science
* Digital solutions for Cultural Heritage
* Data sensing, processing, and persistency
* Game, entertainment, and multimedia applications
* Health and social care
* IT for development
* Privacy and trust issues and solutions
* Sustainable cities and transportation
* Smart governance and e-administration
* IT for smart living
* Technology addressing the digital divide
* IT for automotive
* Frugal solutions for IT
* Ethical computing
* Decentralized approaches to IT
* Citizen science
* Socially responsible IT solutions
* Sustainable IT
* Social informatics
* Civic intelligence



## IMPORTANT DATES
* Submission deadline: June 6, 2021 (extended - FIRM)
* Notification of acceptance: June 22, 2021
* Camera Ready: July 10, 2021




---deadline--- 210630 (mdpi)sensor.and.actuator.networks

Dear Colleagues,


I hope this email finds you well. As a member of the Editorial Board for JSAN, I am writing to notify you about our latest Special Issue, “State-of-the-Art in Sensor and Actuator Networks: Current Status and Future Possibilities”, created by myself and four other editors. We would like to invite you to collaborate with us by promoting this project.


This Special Issue of JSAN is intended to solicit novel research papers on the current state-of-the-art and future directions of WSAN, aiming to provide a comprehensive view of this field of research. For this Special Issue, we will only accept high-quality submissions from our EB members or high-profile researchers recommended by them. All authors will benefit from low publication fees (0%-30% of full charge). We would like to invite you to recommend three or more high-profile researchers or colleagues to submit high-quality survey or research papers to JSAN for this Special Issue.


The submission deadline is 30 June 2021. More detailed information can be found at

JSAN | Special Issue : State-of-the-Art in Sensor and Actuator Networks: Current Status and Future Possibilities
Dear Colleagues, In the age of digitalization, we have seen wide deployment of wireless sensor and actuator networks (WSAN) in many applications in smart cities, smart manufacturing, autonomous vehicles, farming, horticulture, health and medical systems, wildlife monitoring, etc.
www.mdpi.com



---deadline--- 210531 (springerbook)green.smart.cities

We are editing a Springer Book entitled “Computational Intelligence Techniques for Green Smart Cities”. The Book will be indexed by Scopus and ISI.

I cordially invite you to contribute a chapter. The full chapter is due later this year but for now, I will just need the following:

- Author List
- Chapter Title
- Abstract (between 2 and 6 sentences)

The last deadline to submit your short abstract directly at lahby@ieee.org is  May, 31th, 2021

NB: There are no submission or acceptance fees for manuscripts submitted to this book for publication

The tentative structure of the book (but are not limited to the following chapters) is mentioned below:

PART 1: Green Smart Education
Chapter 1. Machine learning for green smart education
Chapter 2. Deep learning for green smart education
Chapter 3. Evolutionary algorithms for green smart education
Chapter 4. Green Smart learning solutions for  combating Covid-19
 
PART 2: Green Smart Health
Chapter 5. Machine learning for green smart health
Chapter 6. Deep learning for green smart health
Chapter 7. Evolutionary algorithms for green smart health
Chapter 8. Green Smart health solutions for  combating Covid-19
 
PART 3: Green Smart transportation
Chapter 9. Machine learning for green smart transportation
Chapter 10. Deep learning for green smart transportation
Chapter 11. Evolutionary algorithms for green smart transportation
Chapter 12. Green Smart transportation solutions for  combating Covid-19
 
PART 4: Green Smart Environment
Chapter 13. Machine learning for green smart environment
Chapter 14. Deep learning for green smart environment
Chapter 15. Evolutionary algorithms for green smart environment
Chapter 16. Green Smart environment solutions for  combating Covid-19

PART 5: Green Smart Home
Chapter 17. Machine learning for green smart home
Chapter 18. Deep learning for green smart home
Chapter 19. Evolutionary algorithms for green smart home
Chapter 20. Green Smart home solutions for  combating Covid-19

Looking forward to hearing from you soon. Feel free to share with your network as well




---deadline--- 210602 (elsevier)security.and.privacy

Dear Colleagues,
***  Papers are due by June 2, 2021.
The special issue on Intelligent Approaches in Security and Privacy Computing is now accepting paper proposals for the Computers and Electrical Engineering - An International Journal (Elsevier, IF: 2.663).
The full CFP is available at https://www.journals.elsevier.com/computers-and-electrical-engineering/call-for-papers/intelligent-approaches-in-security-and-privacy-computing-vsi
Cheers,
 
Atilla Elci, Ph.D.
IEEE Senior Member
Let's retard the coronavirus: stay home, remain safe! 
Haydi taçlı virüsü geriletelim: evde kal, güvende ol!
My books on Amazon: https://www.amazon.com/s?k=Atilla+ELCI
https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=wpQvtlQAAAAJ&hl=en



---deadline--- 210702 IEEE.PerCom.pervasive.comm

*** Please accept our apologies if you receive multiple copies of this CFP ***
Call for Workshop Proposals -- IEEE PerCom 2022

* Important Dates *

- Workshop proposal submission deadline: July 2nd, 2021
- Notification: July 26th, 2021

IEEE PerCom is the premier annual scholarly venue in pervasive computing and
communications. Pervasive computing has not only been a vivid research area,
but also found its way into many commercial and consumer systems and
applications due to tremendous advances in a broad spectrum of technologies
and topics such as wireless networking, mobile and distributed computing,
sensor and actuator systems, ambient intelligence, and smart mobile and
embedded devices. Due to the pervasiveness of such systems, users become
central in the development and realization of innovative pervasive systems.
Advances in all these fields have led to innovative platforms,
protocols, systems, and applications but still a lot can be done to improve their
quality, sustainability and acceptance.

In 2022, PerCom will be held in Pisa, which is known for its precious gothic
and renaissance-style buildings including the world-famous leaning tower as
well as art and culture in general. Currently, PerCom 2022 is planned as a
hybrid event, partly in presence, partly virtual, with the option to adapt
to the dynamic pandemic situation.

The PerCom 2022 Organizing Committee invites proposals for one-day or
half-day workshops, to be held prior to or immediately after the main
conference. The purpose of the workshops is to stimulate discussions on
state-of-the-art, emerging, visionary, and also controversial topics.
Workshops should be organized to promote lively interaction, and plans to
promote interaction and discussion must be clearly addressed in the written
workshop proposals. The organizers of accepted workshops are required to
publicize the workshop through disseminating the call for papers, solicit
submissions, conduct the reviewing process, and decide upon the final
workshop program. At least one organizer must be physically present at the
workshop. We are aware that the possibility to visit Pisa depends on the
future pandemic situation and of course only applies under the assumption
that PerCom can take place as a hybrid event (at least partially in presence).
So organizers should plan on a best-effort basis, possibly including
organizers from different locations, for instance, to limit the risk of
travel restrictions.

Workshop proposals are solicited in all areas and topics pertaining to
research and applications in pervasive computing and communications. Workshops
addressing new emerging research directions in pervasive computing and
communication are especially welcome. Further, workshops with novel formats,
e.g., focused on a specific topic in a tutorial-style fashion, are strongly
encouraged. Workshop papers will be included and indexed in the IEEE digital
library (Xplore). The page limit for accepted regular workshop papers is 6
pages, including all figures, tables, and references.

* Workshop Proposal Submission Instructions *

Workshop proposals should be submitted (in PDF format) no later than

  July 2nd, 2021

by e-mail to

  percom2022-workshops@iit.cnr.it

with "PerCom 2022 Workshop Proposal" in the subject.

Each workshop proposal must include:

1. The workshop title and acronym.

2. The name, address, and a short bio of up to 200 words for each of the
workshop organizers; workshops may have up to three organizers. It is strongly
recommended that organizers belong to at least two different institutions.

3. A brief description (up to 2 pages) of

a) the technical issues that the workshop will address,
b) the reasons the workshop is of interest to the PerCom community,
c) a description of the communities/groups the workshop aims to attract,
d) a short discussion of related workshops and conferences and an outline
of why the proposed workshop is unique.

4. The planned format of the workshop (e.g., keynotes, paper presentations,
posters, demos) and duration (e.g., one-day, half-day). You must also provide
a well-defined strategy to facilitate lively and interactive discussions. In
your plan, please also consider the hybrid or (depending on the situation)
fully virtual format and outline, how you could support an engaging workshop.
You can also take advantage of the infrastructure provide by PerCom (Zoom,
GatherTown, Slack, etc.)

5. A description of past editions of the workshop (if the workshop had
already been held before), including the number of submitted and accepted
papers and number of attendees. Please also address any differences
between the proposed edition of the workshop and the previous edition(s).
OR, if the workshop is new, an estimate of the expected number of submitted
and accepted papers, and of the expected number of attendees.

6. A description of the publicity plan.

7. The names of potential program committee members.

8. The workshop website address.

Tentative dates for workshop paper submission and notification
(*not* to be confused with the earlier dates for submitting workshop
proposals!):

 - Paper submission deadline: November 14, 2021
 - Paper notification: January 5, 2022

 
 

---deadline--- 210530 ACM.dist.realtime.apps

25th IEEE/ACM International Symposium on
Distributed Simulation and Real Time Applications
http://www.ds-rt.com
September 27-29, 2021, Valencia, Spain

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Important: Paper submission deadline: May 30th, 2021 (EXTENDED)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


** The Symposium **

The 2021 IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Distributed Simulation
and Real Time Applications (DS-RT 2021) promises to be a grand affair
and will take place in Valencia, Spain. DS-RT 2021
serves as a platform for simulationists from academia, industry and
research labs for presenting recent research results in Distributed
Simulation and Real Time Applications.

DS-RT 2021 targets the growing overlap between large distributed
simulations and real time applications, such as collaborative virtual
environments, pervasive and ubiquitous application scenarios, motor-,
controller-, sensor- and actuator systems.

The conference features prominent invited speakers as well as papers
by top researchers in the field. DS-RT 2021 will include contributed
technical papers, invited papers, and panel discussions. The
proceedings will be published by IEEE-CS press.


** Call for Papers **

DS-RT provides an international forum for the discussion and
presentation of original ideas, recent results and achievements by
researchers, research students, and systems developers on issues and
challenges related to distributed simulation and real time
applications. Authors are encouraged to submit both theoretical and
practical results of significance. Demonstration of new
tools/applications is very encouraged.

The scope of the symposium includes, but is not limited to:

- Paradigms, Methodology and Software Architectures for Large Scale
Distributed and Real-Time Simulations (e.g. Parallel and Distributed
Simulation, Multi-Agent Based Distributed Simulation, HLA/RTI, Web,
Grid and cloud based Simulation, hardware-software co-design for
extreme scale simulations)

- Paradigms, Modelling, Architecture and Environments for Large Scale
Real-time Systems and Concurrent Systems with hard and soft Real-Time
Constraints

- Advanced modelling techniques (reuse of models, new modelling
languages, agent-based M&S, and spatial M&S)

- Non-functional Properties of Distributed Simulation and Real-Time
Systems (e.g. Dependability, Availability, Reliability,
Maintainability, Safety, Security, Trustworthiness, QoS)

- Theoretical Foundations of Large Scale Real-Time and Simulation
Models (e.g. Event Systems, Causality, Space-Time Models, Notions of
Time, Discrete and Continuous Systems, Simulator Coordination)

- Simulation Studies at Large and Very Large Scale (e.g. Industrial,
Commercial, Ecological and Environmental, Societal, Power and Energy,
Pervasive and Ubiquitous Computing Systems)

- Performance and Validation of Large Scale and Distributed
Simulations (e.g., benchmarking and analytical results, empirical
studies DIS, HLA/RTI studies)

- Algorithms and methods for parallel or distributed simulation
(synchronization, scheduling, memory management, and load balancing)

- Languages and Tools, Development Environments, Data Interfaces,
Network Protocols and Model Repositories that address Very Large
Simulations

- Data Management and Distribution Issues, Interest Management,
Semantic Modelling, Multi-resolution Modelling, Dead-Reckoning
Mechanisms

- Pervasive and Ubiquitous Computing Architectures and Applications
that involve Simulations and/or adhere to Real-Time Constraints

- Simulation based Virtual Environments and Mixed Reality Systems
(e.g. Interactive Virtual Reality, Human Communication through
Immersive Environments)

- Collaborative Virtual and Augmented Reality, Shared Interaction
Spaces, Telepresence Systems and Shared Workspaces, 3D Video and
Acoustic Reconstruction, Shared Object Manipulation

- Serious Gaming and Massive Multiplayer Online Games (MMOG)
applications, architectures and scalability issues

- Visual Interactive Simulation Environments (e.g., Generic Animation,
Visual Interactive Modelling, Interactive Computer Based Training and
Learning, Scientific Visualization, High-End Computer Graphics)

- Design Issues, Interaction Designs, Human Commuter Interaction
Issues raised by Large Scale DS-RT Systems

- Media Convergence (e.g. New Technologies, Media Theory, Real-Time
considerations of Multi Modality, etc.)

- Innovative Styles of Interactions with Large Scale DS-RT Systems
(e.g. Implicit, Situative and Attentive Interaction, Tangible
Interaction, Embedded Interaction, etc.)

- Technologies for Living Labs (e.g. Mirror World Simulation,
Interoperability, Large Scale Multi Sensor Networks, Global Wireless
Communication, Multi Stakeholder Understanding and Innovation)

- Environmental and Emerging Simulation Challenges (e.g. Growth of
Human Population, Climate Change, CO2, Health Care, Ecosystems,
Sustainable Development, Water and Energy Supply, Human Mobility, Air
Traffic, World Stock Markets, Food Supply Chains, Megacities, Smart
Cities, Disaster Planning, etc.)

- Advanced Simulation Studies and Technologies (e.g. Discrete event,
continuous Simulation, etc.)

- Cognitive Modelling and Simulation, Artificial Intelligence in
Simulation, and Neural Network Models and Simulation

- Service-oriented Computing and Simulation, Web-based Modelling and
Simulation, and Simulation of Multimedia Applications and Systems

- Modeling and Virtual Evaluation of Distributed Systems through Simulation,
Resilience Network Evaluation in Distributed Systems through Simulation,
Models and Simulation Environments for Distributed Cyber-Physical Systems
Evaluation

- Advances in Simulation Methodology and Practices

- Smart Network Design and Traffic Modelling

- Haptic-audio-visual System and applications

- Medical and surgical simulation based Systems

- Human-computer interaction in virtual reality environment




---deadline--- 210614 IEEE.GCCE.computertech@kyoto

CALL FOR PAPERS

         IEEE GCCE (Global Conference on Consumer Electronics) 2021
       Organized Session: 2D/3D Video Data Distribution and Processing
                 October 12-15 (some sessions), 2021, Kyoto, Japan
              http://www.ieee-gcce.org/2021/organized.html#os-vdp

Important Dates:
Paper Entry: June 7, 2021
2-pages Short Paper Submission: June 14, 2021
              https://edas.info/newPaper.php?c=27401&track=102206
Notification of Acceptance: July 26, 2021
Final Paper Submission: August 10, 2021
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Session Title:
2D/3D Video Data Distribution and Processing (OS-VDP)

Session Abstract:
The tremendous advances in audio and video streaming technologies have
created a large consumer electronics field for video distribution and processing.
Extending traditional 2D video technologies, 3D video is recently very attractive
in the field. In order to accelerate this field, further progresses of the researches
on 2D/3D video data distribution and processing are necessary. The aim
of this organized session is to bring together practitioners and researchers
from both academia and industry in order to have a forum for discussion
and technical presentations on this hot field.

Session Topics
- video data distribution
- video data processing
- 3D data
- stream data
- video on demand

Submission
Please prepare your short paper referring the instruction below
(click "Click here to view the information").
http://www.ieee-gcce.org/2021/instructions.html
and submit it via EDAS.
(will be soon available on https://www.ieee-gcce.org/2021/index.html)
Please select OS-VDP if you submit your short paper via IEEE GCCE main submission page.

Organizing Committee:
   Chair: Tomoki Yoshihisa, Osaka University
   Co-Chair: Yuuichi Teranishi, NICT
Program Committee Members:
   Ei Khaing Win, Myanmar Institute of Information Technology
   Fatos Xhafa, Technical University of Cataloniau
   Ikuko Shimizu, Tokyo University of Agriculture and Technology
   Jui-Hung Hsieh, National Kaohsiung University Science and Technology
   Lei Shu, University of Lincoln
   Prakash Bhattarai, Charles Darwin University
   Satoru Matsumoto, Osaka University
   Tomoya Kawakami, Fukui University
   Yoshia Saito, Iwate Prefectural University
   Yusuke Gotoh, Okayama University

   
   

---deadline--- 210531 (springerbook)GreenSmartCiteis

=====================

MDPI-Special Issue on Advances in Vehicular Communications,  

 Networking and Systems  

  

Professor Alexey Vinel from Halmstad University in Sweden, a pioneer in vehicular networking, and Dr Glenford Mapp from Middlesex University in London, United Kingdom, have been asked to be Guest Editors of a Special Issue of the MDPI Future Internet journal on Advances in Vehicular Communications, Networking, and Systems. Topics of interest include, but are not limited to, the following:   

   

Vehicular Communication Technologies:   

5G and 802.11p; Cloud-RAN and SDRAN; heterogeneous communication systems; propagation models; backhaul systems; future technologies for vehicular systems, including 6G, 802.11bd, Li-Fi, UAV platforms, and low-orbiting satellite systems.   

   

Vehicular Networking:   

Vehicle networking architectures, network programming paradigms, network slicing, new network and transport protocols, AI and machine learning algorithms, internet of vehicles, analytical models, and testbeds for vehicular systems.   

   

Vehicular Systems:   

Vehicular edge clouds, orchestration, mobile services, end-to-end quality-of-service guarantees, security and privacy issues, trust and reputation models, service management and application frameworks, digital twin technologies, smart transport, social internet of vehicles, new types of CAVs, applications, and services, and business and economic transportation models.   

   

Details at https://www.mdpi.com/journal/futureinternet/special_issues/A_VCN_S.    

   

As you can see, we are inviting submissions from several research areas. If you have research that you think can be published in this Special Issue, we would welcome your participation.  

   

The deadline for manuscript submissions is 20 July 2021.   

  

Alexey Vinel and Glenford Mapp  

  

 





---deadline--- 210531 (mdpi)IoV

=====================

MDPI-Special Issue on Advances in Vehicular Communications,  

 Networking and Systems  

  

Professor Alexey Vinel from Halmstad University in Sweden, a pioneer in vehicular networking, and Dr Glenford Mapp from Middlesex University in London, United Kingdom, have been asked to be Guest Editors of a Special Issue of the MDPI Future Internet journal on Advances in Vehicular Communications, Networking, and Systems. Topics of interest include, but are not limited to, the following:   

   

Vehicular Communication Technologies:   

5G and 802.11p; Cloud-RAN and SDRAN; heterogeneous communication systems; propagation models; backhaul systems; future technologies for vehicular systems, including 6G, 802.11bd, Li-Fi, UAV platforms, and low-orbiting satellite systems.   

   

Vehicular Networking:   

Vehicle networking architectures, network programming paradigms, network slicing, new network and transport protocols, AI and machine learning algorithms, internet of vehicles, analytical models, and testbeds for vehicular systems.   

   

Vehicular Systems:   

Vehicular edge clouds, orchestration, mobile services, end-to-end quality-of-service guarantees, security and privacy issues, trust and reputation models, service management and application frameworks, digital twin technologies, smart transport, social internet of vehicles, new types of CAVs, applications, and services, and business and economic transportation models.   

   

Details at https://www.mdpi.com/journal/futureinternet/special_issues/A_VCN_S.    

   

As you can see, we are inviting submissions from several research areas. If you have research that you think can be published in this Special Issue, we would welcome your participation.  

   

The deadline for manuscript submissions is 20 July 2021.   

  

Alexey Vinel and Glenford Mapp  

  

 





---deadline--- 210701 (mdpi)IETS.IoTtech

=====================

MDPI-Special Issue on Advances in Vehicular Communications,  

 Networking and Systems  

  

Professor Alexey Vinel from Halmstad University in Sweden, a pioneer in vehicular networking, and Dr Glenford Mapp from Middlesex University in London, United Kingdom, have been asked to be Guest Editors of a Special Issue of the MDPI Future Internet journal on Advances in Vehicular Communications, Networking, and Systems. Topics of interest include, but are not limited to, the following:   

   

Vehicular Communication Technologies:   

5G and 802.11p; Cloud-RAN and SDRAN; heterogeneous communication systems; propagation models; backhaul systems; future technologies for vehicular systems, including 6G, 802.11bd, Li-Fi, UAV platforms, and low-orbiting satellite systems.   

   

Vehicular Networking:   

Vehicle networking architectures, network programming paradigms, network slicing, new network and transport protocols, AI and machine learning algorithms, internet of vehicles, analytical models, and testbeds for vehicular systems.   

   

Vehicular Systems:   

Vehicular edge clouds, orchestration, mobile services, end-to-end quality-of-service guarantees, security and privacy issues, trust and reputation models, service management and application frameworks, digital twin technologies, smart transport, social internet of vehicles, new types of CAVs, applications, and services, and business and economic transportation models.   

   

Details at https://www.mdpi.com/journal/futureinternet/special_issues/A_VCN_S.    

   

As you can see, we are inviting submissions from several research areas. If you have research that you think can be published in this Special Issue, we would welcome your participation.  

   

The deadline for manuscript submissions is 20 July 2021.   

  

Alexey Vinel and Glenford Mapp  

  

 




---deadline--- 210715 (mdpi)vehicularcomm

=====================

MDPI-Special Issue on Advances in Vehicular Communications,  

 Networking and Systems  

  

Professor Alexey Vinel from Halmstad University in Sweden, a pioneer in vehicular networking, and Dr Glenford Mapp from Middlesex University in London, United Kingdom, have been asked to be Guest Editors of a Special Issue of the MDPI Future Internet journal on Advances in Vehicular Communications, Networking, and Systems. Topics of interest include, but are not limited to, the following:   

   

Vehicular Communication Technologies:   

5G and 802.11p; Cloud-RAN and SDRAN; heterogeneous communication systems; propagation models; backhaul systems; future technologies for vehicular systems, including 6G, 802.11bd, Li-Fi, UAV platforms, and low-orbiting satellite systems.   

   

Vehicular Networking:   

Vehicle networking architectures, network programming paradigms, network slicing, new network and transport protocols, AI and machine learning algorithms, internet of vehicles, analytical models, and testbeds for vehicular systems.   

   

Vehicular Systems:   

Vehicular edge clouds, orchestration, mobile services, end-to-end quality-of-service guarantees, security and privacy issues, trust and reputation models, service management and application frameworks, digital twin technologies, smart transport, social internet of vehicles, new types of CAVs, applications, and services, and business and economic transportation models.   

   

Details at https://www.mdpi.com/journal/futureinternet/special_issues/A_VCN_S.    

   

As you can see, we are inviting submissions from several research areas. If you have research that you think can be published in this Special Issue, we would welcome your participation.  

   

The deadline for manuscript submissions is 20 July 2021.   

  

Alexey Vinel and Glenford Mapp  

  

 






---deadline--- 210615 (IEEEtranGreeCom)sustainable.smart.envs

Special Issue on Federated Deep Learning-Empowered Internet of Vehicles

 

Internet of Vehicles (IoV) is designed to seamlessly connect smart vehicles, road infrastructures, communication facilities and users. The goal is to provide a comprehensive environment overview, improve transportation efficiency and reduce road accidents. Artificial intelligence (AI) technology, especially deep learning, is essential for the progress of intelligent IoV. However, with the growing complexity of on-board sensors, the big raw data sets available for deep learning can give rise to concerns over data security and privacy, as well as huge communication overheads.

 

Distributed machine learning among smart vehicles and edge-cloud entities based on federated deep learning (FDL) is helping to address these challenges.  FDL allows a central server to cooperate with multiple clients to jointly train a machine learning model. Clients upload parameters of the trained model to the central server and keep their training data locally, thus significantly reducing the communication costs and the data privacy risks. Although FDL has great potential for intelligent IoV, further research is required in some areas. For example, the trade-off optimisation between Quality of Service (QoS) and energy consumption in intelligent IoV, the efficient design of learning models in FDL for different intelligent IoV problems, communication efficiency for heterogeneous IoV technologies, and the security and privacy issues related to FDL under the dynamic IoV environment.

 

The objective of this special issue is to assemble high-quality research papers on emerging theories, frameworks, architectures and algorithms for solving the challenging problems related to FDL- empowered intelligent IoV. It will also offer an open platform for scholars and engineers to exchange their recent novel ideas and explore the potential convergence of existing intelligent IoV systems and advanced FDL technologies.

Topics Covered:

Novel FDL algorithms for intelligent IoV systems and applications
Architectures and models for FDL-empowered IoV
Theory and protocols for FDL-empowered IoV
Resource management for FDL-empowered IoV
Communication-efficiency in FDL-empowered IoV
Big data and data analytics in FDL-empowered IoV
Traffic and network status predictions in FDL-empowered IoV
Performance optimisation for FDL-empowered IoV
Energy-efficiency in FDL-empowered IoV
Security and privacy in FDL-empowered IoV
Convergence of blockchain and FDL-empowered IoV
Use cases and real-world experiments for FDL-empowered IoV
Important Deadlines:

Submission deadline: 31 July 2021
Acceptance deadline: 30 Jan 2022
Publication date: March 2022
Submission Instructions:

Please read the Guide for Authors before submitting. All articles should be submitted online via the editorial management system. Please select the option ‘SI: FDL-IoV’.

Guest Editors:

Jia Hu, University of Exeter, UK. (Managing Guest Editor)
Hamid Sharif, University of Nebraska, USA.
Tony Q.S. Quek, Singapore University of Technology and Design, Singapore.
Peng Liu, Hangzhou Dianzi University, China.
 


-------------------------------------------------------
We love you. We are sorry. Please forgive us. Thank you.
_______________________________________________
Mycolleagues mailing list
Mycolleagues@mailman.ufsc.br
https://mailman.ufsc.br/mailman/listinfo/mycolleagues

- Through this links above you can "subscribe", "unsubscribe", or change your settings in the list.
OR
- Easy unsubscribe: https://mailman.ufsc.br/mailman/options/mycolleagues




---deadline--- 210731 (J)federated.learning.IoV

Special Issue on Federated Deep Learning-Empowered Internet of Vehicles

 

Internet of Vehicles (IoV) is designed to seamlessly connect smart vehicles, road infrastructures, communication facilities and users. The goal is to provide a comprehensive environment overview, improve transportation efficiency and reduce road accidents. Artificial intelligence (AI) technology, especially deep learning, is essential for the progress of intelligent IoV. However, with the growing complexity of on-board sensors, the big raw data sets available for deep learning can give rise to concerns over data security and privacy, as well as huge communication overheads.

 

Distributed machine learning among smart vehicles and edge-cloud entities based on federated deep learning (FDL) is helping to address these challenges.  FDL allows a central server to cooperate with multiple clients to jointly train a machine learning model. Clients upload parameters of the trained model to the central server and keep their training data locally, thus significantly reducing the communication costs and the data privacy risks. Although FDL has great potential for intelligent IoV, further research is required in some areas. For example, the trade-off optimisation between Quality of Service (QoS) and energy consumption in intelligent IoV, the efficient design of learning models in FDL for different intelligent IoV problems, communication efficiency for heterogeneous IoV technologies, and the security and privacy issues related to FDL under the dynamic IoV environment.

 

The objective of this special issue is to assemble high-quality research papers on emerging theories, frameworks, architectures and algorithms for solving the challenging problems related to FDL- empowered intelligent IoV. It will also offer an open platform for scholars and engineers to exchange their recent novel ideas and explore the potential convergence of existing intelligent IoV systems and advanced FDL technologies.

Topics Covered:

Novel FDL algorithms for intelligent IoV systems and applications
Architectures and models for FDL-empowered IoV
Theory and protocols for FDL-empowered IoV
Resource management for FDL-empowered IoV
Communication-efficiency in FDL-empowered IoV
Big data and data analytics in FDL-empowered IoV
Traffic and network status predictions in FDL-empowered IoV
Performance optimisation for FDL-empowered IoV
Energy-efficiency in FDL-empowered IoV
Security and privacy in FDL-empowered IoV
Convergence of blockchain and FDL-empowered IoV
Use cases and real-world experiments for FDL-empowered IoV
Important Deadlines:

Submission deadline: 31 July 2021
Acceptance deadline: 30 Jan 2022
Publication date: March 2022
Submission Instructions:

Please read the Guide for Authors before submitting. All articles should be submitted online via the editorial management system. Please select the option ‘SI: FDL-IoV’.

Guest Editors:

Jia Hu, University of Exeter, UK. (Managing Guest Editor)
Hamid Sharif, University of Nebraska, USA.
Tony Q.S. Quek, Singapore University of Technology and Design, Singapore.
Peng Liu, Hangzhou Dianzi University, China.
 


-------------------------------------------------------
We love you. We are sorry. Please forgive us. Thank you.
_______________________________________________
Mycolleagues mailing list
Mycolleagues@mailman.ufsc.br
https://mailman.ufsc.br/mailman/listinfo/mycolleagues

- Through this links above you can "subscribe", "unsubscribe", or change your settings in the list.
OR
- Easy unsubscribe: https://mailman.ufsc.br/mailman/options/mycolleagues




---deadline--- 210528 CNSM

**********************************************************************
                           Call for Papers

              IFIP/IEEE/In-cooperation with ACM SIGCOMM

    17th International Conference on Network and Service Management

                              CNSM 2021
                         October 25-29, 2021
                            Izmir, Turkey

                   http://www.cnsm-conf.org/2021/

**********************************************************************

The 17th  International Conference  on Network and  Service Management
(CNSM) is  inviting authors  to submit  original contributions  in the
area  of network  and  service  management research.  CNSM  2021 is  a
selective  single-track  conference,  covering   all  aspects  of  the
management of  networks and services, pervasive  systems, enterprises,
and cloud computing  environments. The core track  will be accompanied
by a series of workshops and poster sessions.

Papers accepted and  presented at CNSM 2021 will be  published as open
access on  the conference website  (with IFIP copyright), and  will be
submitted to IEEE Xplore Digital Library.  Authors of selected papers,
accepted for publication in the CNSM 2021 proceedings, will be invited
to submit an extended version of their papers to the IEEE Transactions
on Network and Service Management journal.

*** Topics of Interest ***
**************************
Network Management
* Software-defined networks
* Virtual networks
* Overlay networks
* Wireless and cellular networks
* Sensor networks
* Internet of Things networks
* Information-centric networks
* Enterprise networks and campus networks
* Data center networks
* Optical networks
* IP networks
* Home networks
* Access networks
* Smart cities and Smart grids

Management Paradigms
* Centralized management
* Distributed management
* Hierarchical management
* Federated management
* Autonomic and cognitive management
* Policy-based management
* Pro-active management
* Energy-aware management
* Quality of experience-centric management

Service Management
* Cloud computing services
* Content delivery services
* Multimedia services
* Internet connectivity and Internet access
* Internet of Things services
* Security services
* Context-aware services
* Information technology services

Business Management
* Economic aspects
* Multi-stakeholder aspects
* Service level agreements
* Lifecycle aspects
* Process and workflow aspects
* Legal perspective
* Regulatory perspective
* Privacy aspects

Functional Areas
* Deployment management
* Fault management
* Configuration management
* Accounting management
* Performance management
* Security management

Management Technologies
* Network function virtualization
* Software-defined networking
* Orchestration
* Cloud computing and cloud storage
* Communication protocols
* Middleware
* Data models, information models semantic models
* Operations support systems and business support systems
* Information visualization

Methods
* Mathematical optimization
* Control theory
* Probability theory, stochastic processes, and queuing theory
* Machine learning, artificial intelligence
* Evolutionary computing
* Economic theory and game theory
* Mathematical logic and automated reasoning
* Data mining and (big) data analysis
* Monitoring and measurements
* Computer simulation experiments
* Prototype implementation and testbed experimentation
* Field trials


*** Submission Guidelines ***
*****************************
Authors are  invited to  submit original  contributions that  have not
been published  or submitted for publication  elsewhere. Papers should
be prepared using  the IEEE 2-column conference style  and are limited
to 9  pages including references (full papers)  or  5  pages including
references (short papers). They have to be submitted electronically in
PDF format through EDAS at https://www.edas.info/newPaper.php?c=28015

Papers    exceeding   page    limits,   multiple    submissions,   and
self-plagiarized papers  will be rejected without  further review. All
other papers will get a thorough single-blind review process, followed
by a rebuttal phase.

For more information, please check http://www.cnsm-conf.org/2021/.


*** Important Dates ***
***********************
Paper Submission:        May 28, 2021 
Acceptance Notification: July 15, 2021
Camera Ready due:        August 1, 2021


*** TPC Co-Chairs ***
*********************
   Müge Sayit, Ege University, Turkey
   Stuart Clayman, University College London, UK 


*** General Co-Chairs ***
*************************
   Prosper Chemouil, Cnam, France
   Mehmet Ulema, Manhattan College, USA


---deadline--- 210630 (elsevier)OSNEM.online.socialnets

CALL FOR PAPERS

Elsevier Online Social Networks and Media Journal (OSNEM)

Special issue on
Online Social Networks and Media: human behaviour under big data microscopes

Submission Deadline: June 30th, 2021
https://www.journals.elsevier.com/online-social-networks-and-media
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Online Social Networks and Media are a fundamental component of the cyber-physical convergences, representing one of the main bridges between the human behaviour across the physical and virtual worlds. Therefore, the “trails” users leave behind while using OSNEM can be mined, via big data analytics and AI, to characterize individual and social human behaviours at an unprecedented scale. Moreover, the speed at which events can be detected via OSNEM data analysis makes OSNEM a prime way to monitor the evolution of human behaviours and nowcast their development and consequences in both the physical and virtual worlds. For example, OSNEM can be used to shed light, through big data analysis, on the diffusion of COVID-19 in the real world.

This special issue seeks contributions pushing the state of the art in all facets of the use of OSNEM as big data microscopes to investigate complex human individual and social behaviours. We solicit manuscripts presenting quantitative analysis and modelling based on BigData collected from OSNEM.

Within this framework, topics include, but are not limited to:
- Analysis of social structures via OSNEM
- Analysis and modelling of information and opinion dynamics in OSNEM
- Early detection of critical phenomena in the cyber and physical worlds
- Prediction of (near-)future events based on OSNEM data analysis
- OSNEM monitoring and analysis for the protection of users and critical infrastructures
- Mobility characterization and modelling
- Characterisation of users’ behaviour in smart cities
- OSNEM data-driven approaches to study COVID-19 related phenomena
- Pandemic tracking and control via OSNEM big data analysis
- Models of individual and social behaviour through OSNEM big data during the pandemic
- OSNEM users’ characterization for mass customization of products and services
- Analysis of large social phenomena (e.g., political movements) via OSNEM big data
- Privacy-preserving big data analytics for human behaviour characterisation
- Efficient methodologies for large-scale OSNEM data collection and analysis

Online Social Networks and Media is a multidisciplinary journal for the wide community of computer and network scientists working on developing OSNEM platforms and services and using OSNEM as a big data source to mine, learn and model the (online) human behaviour.
Manuscripts only based on questionnaires, even focused on the reported use of social media, are outside the scope of the journal. On the other hand, the journal welcomes papers which present analyses based on big data mined from social networks/media.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Schedule
  Manuscript submission deadline: June 30th, 2021
  First notification: August 31th, 2021
  Expected publication: Q4, 2021

Guest Editors
  Marco Conti, IIT-CNR, Italy
  Andrea Passarella, IIT-CNR, Italy
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Instructions for submission

Manuscripts must not have been previously published nor currently under review
by other journals or conferences. Papers previously published in conference proceedings are eligible for submission if the submitted manuscript is a substantial revision and extension of the conference version. In this case, authors should indicate the previous publication(s) in the cover letter and are also required to submit their published conference article(s) and a summary document explaining the enhancements made in the journal version. The submission website for this journal is located at
https://www.editorialmanager.com/osnem/default.aspx.

Please select ''VSI:big data microscope'' when you reach the ''Article Type'' step in the submission process.
To ensure that all manuscripts are correctly identified, for consideration by the special issue, the authors should indicate in the cover letter that the manuscript has been submitted for the special issue on ''big data microscope''.

Manuscripts can be submitted continuously until the deadline. Once a paper is submitted, the review process will start immediately. Accepted papers will be published continuously in the journal (in the first issue available as soon as the paper is accepted). All accepted papers will be listed together in an online virtual special issue published in the journal website.

For further information, please contact the guest editors at
osnem at iit.cnr.it



---deadline--- 210531 (iee.comp.mag)home.globalization

Please let us know if you are considering to submit a paper.

=======================
IEEE Security & Privacy
=======================

Call for Papers: Special Issue on Security and Privacy Issues of Home
Globalization

In recent years, people have been reshaping their homes into smart homes
by using a wide array of home-based Internet of Things (IoT) devices,
including inter-connected lights, locks, sensors, actuators, wearables,
and appliances accessible through the Internet and controlled locally
(e.g., via voice) or remotely (e.g., via mobile phone). These smart home
devices are complemented by laptops, mobile phones, game consoles,
electronical health equipment, and many other consumer IoT nodes, which
are constantly used at home for work, pleasure, health, and
entertainment, just to mention the most common purposes. The emerging
pervasiveness of IoT technologies is transforming homes into globalized
homes in which devices supporting everyday activities can be accessed
from anywhere. Although home globalization has its benefits, it also
covertly renders homes more insecure and less private places where
individuals are exposed to more and more varying threats from the
outside world.

Despite the benefits, home globalization and the used technologies have
led to many security threats and privacy breaches. In fact, home-based
IoT technologies at the basis of globalized homes are becoming prone to
abuses including adaptations of well-known cyber-attacks leveraging the
variety of data and devices populating modern apartments and houses. In
addition, both home-based and consumer IoT frameworks collect and manage
information that is tightly coupled with the everyday life of
individuals and can thus be considered a source of sensitive data that
is of interest for profiling or reconnaissance attempts. Therefore, the
resulting home globalization requires us to face new threats and risks
leading to different challenges. In fact, modern homes are
technologically balkanized with services provided via different
technologies (IEEE 802.15.4, home/consumer IoT, voice-based assistants)
and by multiple vendors (device and software) often by using a cloud- or
fog-based scheme. Additional challenges stem from the relatively covert
introduction of new risks during home globalization, as people tend to
put more focus on functionalities of new smart devices than the security
and privacy implications of their use. In this perspective, enforcing
security and privacy in such a scenario requires rethinking and
developing new defenses and solutions, as well as addressing new social
challenges for law enforcement agencies, policy makers, and forensics
professionals.

This special issue aims at collecting the most relevant ongoing research
efforts in the security and privacy field concerning home globalization.
Topics include, but are not limited to:

- Security management of home-based and consumer IoT
- Network security of globalized homes
- Adoption of cybersecurity measures in globalized homes, including
child safety
- Surveillance, interception, blocking, and sovereignty in home-based
IoT environments
- De-anonymization, AI-based social inference, integrity, and privacy leaks
- Stealth communication, information hiding threats, and their detection
in home-based IoT environments
- Cybercrime investigation, law, jurisdiction, and ethics in home-based
IoT environments

=======================
Important Dates

Submissions due: 31 May 2021
First review complete: 30 June 2021
Acceptance notification: 25 September 2021
Camera-ready version: 15 October 2021
Publication: January/February 2022
Submission Guidelines
=======================

Original and high-quality contributions that have not yet been published
and are not currently under review by other journals or peer-reviewed
conferences are sought. The submitted papers should be formatted
according to the journal style. For more detailed information concerning
the requirements for submission, please refer to the journal’s Author
Information webpage:

https://www.computer.org/csdl/magazine/sp/write-for-us/14680?title=Author%20Information&periodical=IEEE%20Security%20%26%20Privacy

All manuscripts and any supplementary material should be submitted
through the online submission system. During the submission process,
authors should select the special-issue option “Security and Privacy
Issues of Home Globalization.” All papers will be rigorously reviewed
based on their originality, high scientific quality, organization,
clarity of writing, conclusions, and relevance to this special issue.
The manuscripts will be accepted or rejected in line with the usual
standards of the journal.
Guest Editors

Contact the guest editors at sp1-22@computer.org.

- Luca Caviglione, IMATI, National Research Council of Italy, Italy
- Steffen Wendzel, Worms University of Applied Sciences & Fraunhofer
FKIE, Germany
- Simon Vrhovec, University of Maribor, Slovenia
- Aleksandra Mileva, University Goce Delcev, Republic of N. Macedonia
--
Simon Vrhovec
EICC Steering Committee
https://simvrh.wordpress.com/


---deadline--- 210521 IEEE.smartcity.innovations

CALL FOR PAPERS

===============

The 5th IEEE International Conference on Smart City Innovations (SCI 2021)
18-21 October 2021
Atlanta, USA
http://ieeesmartworld.org/sci/

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Towards Reliable and Scalable Smart Cities

Smart Cities offer the potential to revolutionize a range of applications within today's society in areas such as healthcare, energy management, transportation, security, and smart buildings. This potential is built upon an intricate technical infrastructure including smart sensing/devices/materials, IoT, networking, cloud computing, big data, machine learning, and mobile cloud services. As such, SCI2021 will provide the opportunity for researchers to discuss the state-of-the-art from both a technical and application perspective. The Conference aims to provide a unique platform for multi-disciplinary researchers and teams, industry solution vendors, and government agencies to exchange innovative ideas, challenges, research results and solutions.

The Conference will include a highly selective program of technical papers, accompanied by workshops and keynote presentations. Original contributions are welcome from both a technical and application perspective. The theme of the 2021 edition will be to investigate how Smart City Innovations can manage issues surrounding reliability in addition to considering how ideas and concepts can be deployed on a large scale.

Topics of interest include, but are not limited to the following:

Theory, Modeling, and Methodologies
-Smart city networking, services and infrastructures, and reliability
-Smart environment modeling, monitoring, prediction, and analysis
-Smart city frameworks and platforms
-Smart city big data, open data, and urban computing
-Smart utilities, consumption, sensing, and IoT
-Smart communities and neighborhoods
-Modeling security, safety, and privacy for smart cities

Applications and Industry Practice
-Smart transportation system planning, evaluation, and technologies
-Smart city sewage, water, and electricity management
-Smart city healthcare service monitoring
-Smart city emergency altering, management, and infrastructures
-Smart city crime watching
-Smart city education, training, and social services
-Smart home, smart buildings, and smart communities

IMPORTANT DATES
Paper Submission Deadline: May 21, 2021
Authors Notification: July 15, 2021
Camera-ready Deadline: August 01, 20201
Early Registration: August 15, 2021
Conference Date:  October 18-10, 2021

PAPER SUBMISSION
Submissions are limited to 8 pages for the main conference paper and 6 pages for a workshop in the IEEE Computer Society Proceedings Format (https://www.ieee.org/conferences_events/conferences/publishing/templates.html) with Portable Document Format (.pdf). A submission can have at most 2 additional pages with the pages incurring an over-length charge if accepted.
The submission link is https://edas.info/N27849

Paper Publication
At least one author of each accepted paper is required to register and present their work at the conference; otherwise, the paper will not be included in the proceedings.

Contact

Please email inquiries concerning SCI 2021 to:

Professor Xiaoming Fu
University of Goettingen, Germany
fu@cs.uni-goettingen.de



---deadline--- 210521 IEEE.COINS.omnilayer.intelligent.systems

IEEE COINS 2021: IEEE International Conference on Omni-Layer Intelligent Systems 

Barcelona, Spain | August 23-25, 2021

Hybrid Event (On-site In-person Presentation & Virtual Presentation)

IEEE | IEEE RAS | IEEE CEDA | IEEE COMPUTER SOCIETY | VSA-TC IEEE CAS | E-HEALTH-TC IEEE COMSOC | TC-ICPS IEEE IES | IEEE IOT

Submission deadline for papers extended to May 21, 2021 (AOE);

http://coinsconf.com

 


Are you interested in taking part in shaping and adding new dimensions to the future IoT and AI ecosystem? are you seeking to harness the opportunities afforded by the tsunami of new technologies? Do you want to stay ahead and learn about the biggest digital technologies that are radically shifting the paradigm? or just curious about what IoT, AI, Big Data are all about and how they impact every aspect of our life, society, and business? IEEE COINS (https://coinsconf.com/) is the right place to be. IEEE COINS brings together experts in Digital Transformation (from AI and IoT to Cloud, Blockchain, Cybersecurity, and Robotics) from around the globe. IEEE COINS includes a multi-disciplinary program from technical research papers, to panels, workshops, and tutorials on the latest technology developments and innovations. IEEE COINS will address all important aspects of the IoT ecosystem. IEEE COINS solicits papers and proposals accompanying submissions for presentations in the Vertical and Topical Tracks.

 

Topical Area Tracks:

1) Internet of Things: From Device, to Edge, and Cloud

2) Sensors and Sensing Systems

3) Circuits and Systems for Artificial Intelligence, and Internet of Things

4) Communications, Connectivity, and Networking

5) Big Data, Data Engineering, and Data Analytics

6) Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, and Cognitive Computing

7) Distributed Ledger Technologies and Blockchain

8) Design Automation in AI & IoT Era: From Chips to Systems

9) Security and Privacy

10) Intelligent Robots and Systems

11) Applications, Processes, and Services

 

Vertical Tracks:

1) Smart City

2) Industry 4.0

3) e-Health and Wearable IoT

4) Agri-Tech

5) Smart Energy

 

Special Tracks:

1) Critical System Design

2) European Projects on Intelligent Systems

3) Emerging Technologies on intelligent systems

4) Cognitive Environment Track

5) Intelligent Internet of Things and Advanced Machine Learning Techniques for Smart Cities 

6) Clinical Decision Support System for supporting COVID-19 pandemic

 

 

 

 

IEEE COINS will publish accepted papers in the conference proceedings and the proceedings will be submitted to the IEEE Xplore Digital library and indexing services.

 

Selected best contributions of IEEE COINS will be invited to submit expanded versions of their studies to IEEE IoTJ (IF=9.936) for review and potential publication

 

 

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SPONSORS & SUPPORTERS
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  

IEEE RAS

IEEE CEDA

IEEE Computer Society

IEEE IoT

Industrial Cyber-Physical Systems TC (IEEE IES)

eHealth TC (IEEE ComSoc)

VLSI Systems and Applications TC (IEEE CASS)

 



---deadline--- 210528 CNSM


Call for Papers

   17th International Conference on Network and Service Management
                              CNSM 2021
                         October 25-29, 2021
                            Izmir, Turkey

                   http://www.cnsm-conf.org/2021/

**********************************************************************
Technically co-Sponsored by IFIG WG6.6 and IEEE ComSoc
In-Cooperation Status with ACM SIGCOMM


The 17th  International Conference  on Network and  Service Management
(CNSM) is  inviting authors  to submit  original contributions  in the
area  of network  and  service  management research.  CNSM  2021 is  a
selective  single-track  conference,  covering   all  aspects  of  the
management of  networks and services, pervasive  systems, enterprises,
and cloud computing  environments. The core track  will be accompanied
by a series of workshops and poster sessions.

Papers accepted and  presented at CNSM 2021 will be  published as open
access on  the conference website  (with IFIP copyright), and  will be
submitted to IEEE Xplore Digital Library.  Authors of selected papers,
accepted for publication in the CNSM 2021 proceedings, will be invited
to submit an extended version of their papers to the IEEE Transactions
on Network and Service Management journal.

*** Topics of Interest ***
**************************
Network Management
* Software-defined networks
* Virtual networks
* Overlay networks
* Wireless and cellular networks
* Sensor networks
* Internet of Things networks
* Information-centric networks
* Enterprise networks and campus networks
* Data center networks
* Optical networks
* IP networks
* Home networks
* Access networks
* Smart cities and Smart grids

Management Paradigms
* Centralized management
* Distributed management
* Hierarchical management
* Federated management
* Autonomic and cognitive management
* Policy-based management
* Pro-active management
* Energy-aware management
* Quality of experience-centric management

Service Management
* Cloud computing services
* Content delivery services
* Multimedia services
* Internet connectivity and Internet access
* Internet of Things services
* Security services
* Context-aware services
* Information technology services

Business Management
* Economic aspects
* Multi-stakeholder aspects
* Service level agreements
* Lifecycle aspects
* Process and workflow aspects
* Legal perspective
* Regulatory perspective
* Privacy aspects

Functional Areas
* Deployment management
* Fault management
* Configuration management
* Accounting management
* Performance management
* Security management

Management Technologies
* Network function virtualization
* Software-defined networking
* Orchestration
* Cloud computing and cloud storage
* Communication protocols
* Middleware
* Data models, information models semantic models
* Operations support systems and business support systems
* Information visualization

Methods
* Mathematical optimization
* Control theory
* Probability theory, stochastic processes, and queuing theory
* Machine learning, artificial intelligence
* Evolutionary computing
* Economic theory and game theory
* Mathematical logic and automated reasoning
* Data mining and (big) data analysis
* Monitoring and measurements
* Computer simulation experiments
* Prototype implementation and testbed experimentation
* Field trials


*** Submission Guidelines ***
*****************************
Authors are  invited to  submit original  contributions that  have not
been published  or submitted for publication  elsewhere. Papers should
be prepared using  the IEEE 2-column conference style  and are limited
to 9  pages including references (full papers)  or  5  pages including
references (short papers). They have to be submitted electronically in
PDF format through EDAS at https://www.edas.info/newPaper.php?c=28015

Papers  exceeding  page  limits,  multiple   submissions,   and  self-
plagiarized papers  will be rejected without further review. All other
papers will get a thorough single-blind  review process, followed by a
rebuttal phase.

For more information, please check http://www.cnsm-conf.org/2021/.

Papers accepted  and presented at CNSM 2021 will be  published as open
access on the conference website and IFIP Digital Library, and will be
submitted to IEEE Xplore Digital Library.


*** Important Dates ***
***********************
Paper Submission:        May 28, 2021
Acceptance Notification: July 15, 2021
Camera Ready due:        August 1, 2021


*** TPC Co-Chairs ***
*********************
   Müge Sayit, Ege University, Turkey
   Stuart Clayman, University College London, UK


*** General Co-Chairs ***
*************************
   Prosper Chemouil, Cnam, France
   Mehmet Ulema, Manhattan College, USA



   