
CALL FOR PAPERS

EAI SmartGov 2021 - 3rd EAI International Conference on Smart Governance for Sustainable Smart Cities, November 24-26, 2021

Website: https://smart-governance.eai-conferences.org/2021/

Paper Submission: 1 July 2021

Scope

Rapid urbanization and social change drives governments to seek out new ways to deliver services and manage cities and drives innovation in processes and policies through smart cities. At the same time, emerging digital technologies offer new ways for local government to understand and monitor the dynamics of the city, respond to the state of the city, carry out administrative tasks and streamline procedures. The complexity of smart cities and settlements means that roles and responsibilities must shift to allow a greater range of stakeholders to contribute to the design and delivery of smart services. This means that smart cities need to find new ways to interact with business, thought-leaders, suppliers, residents, and visitors. Greater transparency and frequent, two-way communication are expected with the co-creation of public services allowing for greater innovation. Advances in data science allow relevant, real-time data to be transformed into useful information to understand urban behavior and infrastructure needs. This can support evidence-based decision making, automated responses and autonomously managed procedures. Realizing this potential, however, raises concerns about privacy and security issues, the resilience of critical information infrastructures, and the unintended consequences as social expectations and behaviors are shaped by algorithms.

In this regard, it is crucial for smart cities to provide trustworthy services which are secure, privacy aware and sustainable. Our aim is to promote the development of secure and sustainable smart cities with smart governance. The SmartGov 2021 will serve as a forum for researchers from academia, government and industries, to exchange ideas, present new results, and provide future visions on these topics.

Topics

Topics include, but not limited to:

Smart governance foundations, models, frameworks, and principles for smart cities
Wireless networking for smart cities
Cybersecurity and privacy for smart cities
Cloud/edge/fog computing for smart cities
IoT and Cyber Physical Systems for smart cities
Secure and Trustworthy Computing for smart cities
Social media and urban awareness
Blockchain for smart governance and smart cities
Data and evidence-based policymaking
Urban big data from heterogeneous sources
AI and Machine Learning for secure and sustainable smart cities.
Smart governance practices, dynamics, challenges, and trade-offs
Alignment of city policies with social and environmental sustainability goals
Governance of transformation processes
Measurement and monitoring of smart governance process and outcomes.
Smart governance-related case-studies and experience reports
Citizen-centricity and citizen-driven solutions for smart cities
Co-production and collaborative forms of service design and delivery
Open governance, participatory decision making and accountability
Urban innovation, new business models, legal and normative frameworks
Impact of emerging technologies (e.g., AI, machine learning, blockchain, sensor networks, intelligent transportation systems)

Publication

All registered papers will be submitted for publishing by Springer and made available through SpringerLink Digital Library.

Proceedings will be submitted for inclusion in leading indexing services, Ei Compendex, ISI Web of Science, Scopus, CrossRef, Google Scholar, DBLP, as well as EAI’s own EU Digital Library (EUDL).

All accepted authors are eligible to submit an extended version in a fast track of:

EAI Endorsed Transactions on Smart Cities (Open Access)
EAI Endorsed Transactions on Energy Web (Open Access)
indexed in Scopus

Additional publication opportunities:

EAI/Springer Innovations in Communications and Computing Book Series

Paper submission

Papers should be submitted through EAI ‘Confy+' (https://confyplus.eai.eu/) system, and have to comply with the Springer format (see Author’s kit section - https://smart-governance.eai-conferences.org/2021/submission/#authorskit).

Important dates

Full Paper Submission deadline
1 July 2021

Notification deadline
1 August 2021

Camera-ready deadline
1 September 2021

Start of Conference
24 November 2021

End of Conference
26 November 2021

ORGANIZING COMMITTEE

General Chair

Danda B. Rawat
Howard University, USA

Technical Program Committee Chairs

Yun Lin
Harbin Engineering University, China

Wenjia Li
New York Institute of Technology, USA

Prof. Varun Menon
SCMS School of Engineering and Technology, India

Web Chair

Babu Ram Dawadi
Tribhuvan University, Nepal

Publicity and Social Media Chair

Al-Sakib Khan Pathan
Independent University, Bangladesh (IUB), Bangladesh

Workshops Chair

Kayhan Zrar Ghafoor
Knowledge University, Iraq

Publications Chairs

Linwei Niu
Howard University, USA

Danda B. Rawat
Howard University, USA

Panels Chair

Linwei Niu
Howard University, USA


