
MSN 2021 provides a forum for academic researchers and industry
practitioners to present research progresses, exchange new ideas, and
identify future directions in the field of Mobility, Sensing and
Networking. MSN 2021 is technically sponsored by IEEE.
https://ieee-msn.org/2021

Scope and Objectives

Mobility, sensing and networking are the key areas of enabling
technologies for the next-generation networks, Internet of Things and
Cyber-Physical Systems. Recent years have witnessed the increasing
convergence of algorithms, protocols, and applications for mobility,
sensing and networking in a range of applications including connected
vehicles, smart cities, industries, and smart health. Building on the
past 16 years of success, the 17th International Conference on
Mobility, Sensing and Networking (MSN 2021) provides a forum for
academic researchers and industry practitioners to exchange new
research ideas, present their progress, and identify future directions
in the field of mobility, sensing and networking.

The conference solicits submissions from all research areas related to
mobility, sensing and networking, as well as their corresponding
systems and applications. Topics of interests are covered by the
following tracks:

❏       Algorithms, Theory, and Protocols
❏       Systems, Tools, Experiments & Applications
❏       Mobile & Wireless Sensing and Networking
❏       Edge Computing and IoT
❏       Network Security, Privacy, Trust, and Blockchain
❏       Big Data and AI in Networking

Best Paper Awards and Journal Special Issues
Three accepted papers will be selected for best paper awards. Selected
papers will be recommended to IEEE Transactions on Network Science and
Engineering (TNSE, IF: 5.213), and Elsevier Computer Communications
for potential fast-track publications.

Important Dates

Paper Submission Due: July 2, 2021
Author Notification: September 15, 2021
Camera-ready Due: October 20, 2021
Conference Date: December 13-15, 2021

Submission Procedures

Submitted manuscripts must be prepared according to IEEE Computer
Society Proceedings Format (double column, 10pt font, letter paper)
and submitted in the PDF format. The manuscript submitted for review
should be no longer than 8 pages. After the manuscript is accepted,
the camera-ready paper may have up to 10 pages, subject to an
additional fee per extra page. Manuscripts should be submitted to one
of the research tracks. Submitted manuscripts must not contain
previously published material or be under consideration for
publication in another conference or journal at the time of
submission. Accepted papers will be included in the conference
proceedings and published in the IEEE Xplore digital library (indexed
by EI). Please follow the submission link on
https://easychair.org/my/conference?conf=msn2021 to submit your paper.




