
Special Issue on "Smart Cyberphysical Systems and Cloud–Edge Engineering"
Information - an Open Access Journal by MDPI
(https://www.mdpi.com/journal/information/special_issues/Cyberphysical_Cloud_Engineering)

Dear Colleagues,

At present, computers, smart sensors and devices are pervasive, and
computational processes are increasingly becoming transparent to
humans, making up the very fabric of contemporary societies. In this
context, the cyberphysical system (CPS) paradigm is thriving. CPS
refers to the integration of computation with physical processes. A
CPS uses sensors and actuators to link the computational systems to
the physical world. Through the instrumentation of the physical world,
it is possible to monitor several variables and transfer data to
cyberspace, where applications and services use such data to make
decisions that affect and control physical processes, in a feedback
loop. The ultimate goal of this integration is to improve processes,
making them more effective and optimized, increasing productivity for
companies and quality of life for citizens.

The recent advancement of computational intelligence techniques has
leveraged the new generation of CPS, which is known as smart
cyberphysical systems (sCPS). sCPS are distributed and
software-intensive systems that, from heterogeneous data sources, both
physical and virtual, and from their processing using computational
intelligence paradigms, are able to efficiently and autonomously
manage real-world processes. Such systems have the potential to
optimize and support a wide range of application domains.

The growing scale, in terms of devices and data, of modern sCPS and
the need to perform complex processing and provide fast responses
makes cloud–edge platforms natural candidates for integrating such
systems. By applying the model and principles of cloud computing to
sCPS, any virtual or physical device, including sensors and actuators,
is available as a service and can quickly and autonomously be
provisioned for usage to meet the user and application demands. By
leveraging the edge computing paradigm, time constraints of CPS can be
dealt with.

In this context, this Special Issue intends to explore the multiple
aspects of sCPS and the role of cloud–edge computing as an integrating
and enabling platform for this paradigm. Potential topics of interest
include but are not limited to the following:

Cloud/edge/cloud–edge computing and services for cyberphysical systems;
Resource management in cloud–edge-based sCPS;
sCPS as a service;
Design, implementation, and operation of cloud/edge/cloud–edge
platforms for sCPS;
Practical design issues in building cloud–edge-based sCPS;
Managing big data for sCPS;
Programming models, benchmarks, and tools for cloud-based sCPS;
Virtualization models for sCPS;
Architectures and frameworks for sCPS;
Interoperability issues in cloud/edge/cloud–edge-based sCPS;
Solutions for reliability and resilience in cloud/edge/cloud–edge-based sCPS;
Self-adaptation, self-healing, and self-configuration in sCPS;
Real-time data analytics and data stream processing for sCPS;
Context-aware event processing for sCPS;
Internet of Things and real-time services for sCPS;
Security challenges in cloud/edge/cloud–edge-based sCPS.

Prof. Dr. Flavia C. Delicato
Prof. Dr. Paulo F. Pires
Dr. Kevin I-Kai Wang
Guest Editors

Manuscript Submission Information

Manuscripts should be submitted online at www.mdpi.com by registering
and logging in to this website. Manuscripts can be submitted until the
deadline. All papers will be peer-reviewed. Accepted papers will be
published continuously in the journal (as soon as accepted) and will
be listed together on the special issue website. Research articles,
review articles as well as short communications are invited. For
planned papers, a title and short abstract (about 100 words) can be
sent to the Editorial Office for announcement on this website.

Submitted manuscripts should not have been published previously, nor
be under consideration for publication elsewhere (except conference
proceedings papers). All manuscripts are thoroughly refereed through a
single-blind peer-review process. A guide for authors and other
relevant information for submission of manuscripts is available on the
Instructions for Authors page. Information is an international
peer-reviewed open access monthly journal published by MDPI.

Please visit the Instructions for Authors page before submitting a
manuscript. The Article Processing Charge (APC) for publication in
this open access journal is 1400 CHF (Swiss Francs). Submitted papers
should be well formatted and use good English. Authors may use MDPI's
English editing service prior to publication or during author
revisions.


Special Issue Editors

Prof. Dr. Flavia C. Delicato - Guest Editor
Fluminense Federal University, Brazil
Interests: Internet of Things; middleware; edge computing; wireless
sensor networks


Prof. Dr. Paulo F. Pires  - Guest Editor
Fluminense Federal University, Brazil
Interests: IoT sytems; cloud/edge computing; software architecture;
model-based software development


Dr. Kevin I-Kai Wang - Guest Editor
Department of Electrical, Computer, and Software Engineering, The
University of Auckland, Auckland 1010, New Zealand
Interests: IoT-based ambient intelligence; pervasive healthcare
systems; human activity recognition; predictive data analytics and
bio-cybernetic systems




