Extended deadline January 22, 2020

The 1st IEEE/IFIP International Workshop on Internet of Things Management
(https://manage-iot.future-iot.org/)
co-located with
IFIP/IEEE International Symposium on Integrated Network Management (IM 2021).
17-21 May 2021// Bordeaux, France
(https://im2021.ieee-im.org/)


Scope and topics of the workshop

The Internet of Things (IoT) emerges as a major architectural paradigm for achieving machine-to-machine (M2M) communication. The fundamental principle behind IoT is the concept of a “resource” (or a “thing”), that serves as an abstraction of a basic unit that interacts with its environment, and is capable of providing services, data and control elements to other internetworked resources. Many IoT scenarios can be characterized by lots of (small) traffic, lots of entities, strong heterogeneity in links and device capabilities, strong distribution, and highly sensitive data. Individual nodes have limited compute resources and on-device storage (e.g., consider Raspberry Pi single board computers). Their connectivity is often constrained by factors such as the presence of NATs and firewalls, power constraints, and intermittent network access.

Managing IoT-based systems is complex and exciting. Though being an evolution from classical management, managing IoT things is still disruptive as classical assumptions about connectivity, compute resources, or usage patterns do not hold anymore.

The manage-IoT workshop focuses on management methodologies for the Internet of Things. Topics of interest include:

Resource management
Managing   Internet   of   things   devices   and   gateways
Access arbitration to IoT sensors and actuators
Managing sensors
Data Management in IoT Systems
Semantic Modelling of IoT Systems
Information models/ Domain Specific Languages
Service Management
Modular Management
Autonomous Management including MAPE-K
IoT runtime environments
Service Discovery
Building Blocks
Machine Learning
Self-Adapting Systems
Data Analytics
Reasoning and Orchestration
Security and Privacy
Data and device security
Privacy protection methodologies.
Trust management
Validation and Verification of data and functionality
Resilience, Survivability, and Dependability
Other aspects relevant to manage IoT systems
General Chair
Marc-Oliver Pahl, IMT Atlantique, Rennes, France
Hanan Lutfiyya, University of Western Ontario, Canada

Important Dates
Paper submission deadline: January 22, 2021 (extended)
Paper acceptance notification: February 18, 2021
Camera-ready version due: March 5, 2021



