Dear maratishe,
[Apologies if you are getting multiple copies of this call]
The IEEE Co-sponsored
Fourth International Conference on Multimedia Computing, Networking and Applications (MCNA2020)
http://intelligenttech.org/MCNA2020/
OCTOBER 19TH - 22ND, 2020 - Online Presentations!
 
COVID-19 Update:
The organizing team is closely monitoring the development of the COVID-19 situation. The safety and well-being of all conference participants is our priority. Considering the current circumstances, MCNA2020 will run virtually and the registration fees are reduced accordingly.
 
JOURNAL SPECIAL ISSUES:
Selected papers from the conference will be invited to submit an extended version to the following journals.
Confirmed Special Issues are:
*Springer Peer-to-Peer Networking and Applications (IF: 2.397)
*Springer Cluster Computing (IF: 1.85)
*Springer Journal of Network and System Management (IF: 1.676)
*MDPI Sensors (IF: 3.031)
 
CALL FOR PAPERS
Dealing with data from different modalities, is the common case in today's systems. With the continuous development in network technologies, acquisition systems, and computational power, creating and sharing multimedia data is becoming easier for all people around the world. On Facebook, for example, around 500000 comments are posted and around 135000 images are uploaded every second. Storing, searching in, analyzing, and utilizing Multimedia data is highly challenging. That is why the International Conference on Multimedia Computing, Networking and Applications (MCNA) gives the opportunity for researchers and practitioners to present their efforts in addressing the challenges of dealing with Multimedia data. The main topics include but are not limited to:
Intelligent Image / Video Analytics
Digital Image and Video Processing
Image Rendering and Quality
Imaging Sensors and Acquisition Systems
Content Based Image/Video Retrieval
Vision for Graphics
Human Behavior Understanding
Deep Artificial Intelligence
Motion and Tracking Algorithms and Applications
Watermarking Methods and Protection
Image Data Structures and Databases
Color Reproduction
Image Compression, Coding, and Encryption
Statistical and Structural Pattern Recognition
Performance Analysis and Evaluation
Novel Image Processing Applications
Machine Learning Technologies for Vision
Multimedia in Bioinformatics
Virtual Reality and Simulations
Augmented Reality Image Processing
Computational and Architectural Aspects of Human Vision
Innovative Multimedia Systems or Devices
Internet / Mobile Multimedia Sharing
Intelligent e-Health based on Multimedia Analysis
Games and Gamification
Optimization Methods in Multimedia systems
Vision and Languages
Full Paper Important Dates
Full paper submission: August 1st, 2020
Full paper acceptance notification: August 30th, 2020
Full paper camera-ready submission: September 13th, 2020
Submission Site
https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=mcna2020

Paper format
Submitted papers (.pdf format) must use the A4 IEEE Manuscript Templates for Conference Proceedings. Please remember to add Keywords to your submission.
Length
Submitted papers may be 6 to 8 pages. Up to two additional pages may be added for references. The reference pages must only contain references. Overlength papers will be rejected without review.
Originality
Papers submitted to MCNA must be the original work of the authors. They may not be simultaneously under review elsewhere. Publications that have been peer-reviewed and have appeared at other conferences or workshops may not be submitted to MCNA. Authors should be aware that IEEE has a strict policy with regard to plagiarism https://www.ieee.org/publications/rights/plagiarism/plagiarism-faq.html The authors' prior work must be cited appropriately.
Author list
Please ensure that you submit your papers with the full and final list of authors in the correct order. The author list registered for each submission is not allowed to be changed in any way after the paper submission deadline.
Proofreading
Please proofread your submission carefully. It is essential that the language use in the paper is clear and correct so that it is easily understandable. (Either US English or UK English spelling conventions are acceptable.)

Publication
All accepted and registered papers in MCNA2020 and the workshops co-located with it will be submitted to IEEEXplore for possible publication.
 