
ACM Transactions on Internet Technology
Special Issue on Applications of Computational Linguistics in Multimedia IoT Services

Guest Editors
Dr. Michael Sheng, Macquarie University, Australia
Dr. Arun Kumar Sangaiah, Vellore Institute of Technology (VIT), Vellore, India
Dr. Ankit Chaudhary, University of Missouri at Saint Louis, USA

journal cover imageThe Internet of Multimedia Things (IoMT) is the combination of interfaces, protocols, and associated multimedia-related information, which enables advanced services and applications based on the human-to-device and device-to-device interactions in physical and virtual environments. The rapid growth in multimedia-on-demand traffic that refers to audio, video, and images, has drastically shifted on the vision of the Internet of Things (IoT) from scalar to IoMT. IoMT is an integral part of multimedia services such as real-time content delivery, online games, and video conferencing on the global Internet. Complementarily, Computational Linguistics (CL) is an interdisciplinary research field concerned with the processing of languages by computers. Since machine translation began to emerge about fifty years ago, CL has grown and developed exponentially.

Nevertheless, the combination of IoT-based multimedia with CL services has received less attention so far and has emerged as a new research paradigm for future computing applications. The future of smart IoMT devices with NLP is more important in real time systems such as speech understanding, emotion recognition, and home automation. There are several issues and technical challenges that need attention from the research community. The rapid growth of multimedia IoT services (data abstraction, data sharing, data mining) has led the way to incorporating CL techniques to meet its requirements. In particular, this special issue will narrow down to focus on multimedia IoT services in real time systems and there are open research challenges to get advantageous use of CL. Moreover, this SI will explore the limitations of IoT for multimedia computing and present the relationship between CL and IoMT applications including multi-model metadata generation, computational content analysis (text services, audio-visual filtering syntactic and semantic interoperability etc).

By organizing this special issue, we aim at presenting recent and significant developments in the applications of CL with IoMT services.

Click here for the full Call for Papers and submission instructions.

Important Dates
Open for Submissions: 31 March 2021
Manuscript submission: 30 April 2021
First notification: 31 July 2021
Revised version: 30 September 2021
Final notification: 31 October 2021
Final paper due: 15 November 2021
Publication date: To be scheduled in 2022

For questions and further information, please write to the guest editors.

Sign up for TOIT TOC alerts.

https://toit.acm.org

You are subscribed with: maratishe@gmail.com
Unsubscribe

The call-for-papers@hq.acm.org email address is not monitored. Please do not reply to it directly.

Association for Computing Machinery
1601 Broadway, 10th Floor, New York, NY 10019

