
Dear Dr. Zhanikeev,

Cambridge Scholars Publishing are pleased to announce that proposals for academic books and edited collections in Physical Sciences are currently invited. We publish in all major fields of academic endeavour, including Humanities and Social Sciences, Physical Sciences, Life Sciences, and Health Sciences.

Founded in Cambridge, UK, in 2001, Cambridge Scholars Publishing have grown to be one of the world’s leading academic book publishers, with more than 700 academic books due to be published this year, and a backlist of more than 8000 titles. Cambridge Scholars Publishing Limited is not affiliated to, or associated with, Cambridge University Press or the University of Cambridge.

Cambridge Scholars Publishing authors and editors get the benefit of our Author Promises, including:

Fast, fair, and friendly proposal review;
Publication in handsome hardback, as well as eBook formats, for our academic library customers, with a paperback option in selected cases;
Global distribution and sales;
An escalating royalty payment, with royalties earned from the first copy sold.
A book published by us is always in-stock, and always available for sale, thanks to our unique Print on Time global distribution system. There are no charges for publication with Cambridge Scholars Publishing. Our authors also can contribute to our unique Book in Focus series, which you can read about on our website.

To commemorate our 20th anniversary, we have launched a special project to encourage books on issues relating to Social Justice, and are collaborating on a research project with a UK University on the important topics of Equality, Diversity and Inclusion (EDI). You can read more about our approach to how academic publishing intersects with social justice issues in the No Shelf Required online magazine.

To submit a book proposal, please visit our website, where you can complete a Book Proposal Form, and find out more about us.

Alternatively, you can reply to me for more information. I look forward to hearing from you.



Kind regards,

Helen Edwards
Commissioning Editor

Web:   www.cambridgescholars.com
Email:   helen.edwards@cambridgescholars.com
Social Media: Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Instagram

We have recently updated our Privacy Policy. Click here to see it.

Cambridge Scholars Publishing publishes in Health Sciences, Life Sciences, Physical Sciences, and Social Sciences. Established in 2001, our operational headquarters are in the historic Lady Stephenson Library, Newcastle upon Tyne, United Kingdom, with representative offices in Berlin, Germany, Barcelona, Spain and Beijing, China. Cambridge Scholars Publishing Limited is not affiliated to or associated with Cambridge University Press or the University of Cambridge. Cambridge Scholars Publishing Ltd is registered in England. Reg. No: 04333775; VAT No: 108280727

If you experience any difficulty reading this message, please send us an email to admin@cambridgescholars.com.

Click here to Unsubscribe





