December 2 - 4, 2020 | Viana do Castelo, Portugal Cyberspace
Submission Deadline: July 23, 2020 (extended)

EAI is proud to announce that SCITA is going virtual and beyond borders.

Get the same full publication and indexing, enjoy EAI’s fair evaluation and recognition, present your paper to a global audience, and experience virtual meetings live as well as on-demand from the safety and comfort of your home.

SCITA 2020 will take place online due to safety concerns and travel restrictions caused by COVID-19. Although we will miss having everyone meet and connect in person, we feel strongly that knowledge exchange must continue, if not more so. That is why we have equipped our online conferences with live viewing with chat, virtual Q&A, and a multitude of other measures to provide you with a great experience. All of this while making the registration for co-authors and non-authors completely free to give you the biggest possible audience. You can learn more about EAI’s online conferences here.
sCOPE
Smart city applications are the latest, and most dominant and demanding applications to be supported by the global networking and computing infrastructure. Smart cities provide the state of the art approaches for urbanisation, having evolved from the developments carried out under the umbrella of knowledge-based economy, and subsequently under the notion of digital economy and intelligent economy.

The notion of smart cities can be extended to smart societies; i.e. digitally-enabled, knowledge-based societies, aware of and working towards social, environmental and economic sustainability. Since knowledge, and human and social capital are at the heart of smart city and smart society developments, the role of education should extend beyond the mainstream “education for employment” scope.

We are pleased to invite you to submit your paper to SCITA 2020. Submissions should be in English, following the Springer formatting guidelines (see Submission). 
Submit Paper
Read More: Call for Papers
Publication
All registered papers will be submitted for publishing by Springer and made available through SpringerLink Digital Library.

Proceedings will be submitted for inclusion in leading indexing services, Ei Compendex, ISI Web of Science, Scopus, CrossRef, Google Scholar, DBLP, as well as EAI’s own EU Digital Library (EUDL).

Authors of selected best accepted and presented papers will be invited to submit an extended version to:

    Springer Journal on Wireless Networks (WINET) IF: 2.405
    Mobile Networks and Applications (MONET) Journal (IF: 2.390)

All accepted authors are eligible to submit an extended version in a fast track of:

    EAI Endorsed Transactions on Smart Cities (Open Access)

Additional publication opportunities:

    EAI/Springer Innovations in Communications and Computing Book Series

Important dates

Submission Deadline: July 23, 2020 (extended)

Notification Deadline: september 3, 2020

Camera-ready deadline: october 5, 2020 

Conference dates: december 2 - 4, 2020