Call for Papers for the 26th International Conference on Database Systems for Advanced Applications (DASFAA 2021)

April 11 to 14, 2021, Taiwan

Conference Scope
The International Conference on Database Systems for Advanced Applications (DASFAA) is a leading international forum for discussing the latest research on database systems and advanced applications. DASFAA, a well-established international conference series that provides a forum for technical presentations and discussions among database researchers, developers, and users from academia, business, and industry, showcases state-of-the-art R&D activities in the general areas of database systems and their applications.

Topics
DASFAA 2021 welcomes high-quality, original, and previously unpublished submissions in the database theory, technology, and practice. Topics of interests for the conference include, but not limited to, the following:
- Database theory: Big data management, graph data management, data management in social networks, data semantics and data integration, spatial data management, sequence and temporal data processing, temporal and spatial databases, large-scale knowledge management, RDF and knowledge graphs, query processing and optimization, text databases, information integration, multimedia databases, multimedia data processing, cloud data management, data archive and digital library, data model and query language, data streams and time-series data, data warehouse and OLAP, embedded and mobile databases, databases for emerging hardware, parallel and distributed databases, probabilistic and uncertain data, real-time data management, Semantic Web and triple data management, Semantic Web and knowledge management, sensor data management, statistical and scientific databases, transaction management, XML, RDF and semi-structured data, and Web data management.
- Technology and Practice: Machine learning for database, graph and social network analysis, text and data mining, search and recommendation technology, network embedding, security, privacy and trust, medical data mining, distributed computing, data mining and knowledge discovery, data semantics and integrity constraints, data quality and credibility, recommendation systems, crowdsourcing, bio and health informatics, search and information retrieval, information recommendation, database usability and HCI, HCI for modern information systems, index and storage systems, blockchain, parallel, distributed & P2P systems, Deep Web, Web information systems, advanced database and Web applications, and information extraction and summarization.

Paper Submission
Paper submission must be in English. All papers will be double-blind reviewed by the Program Committee based on technical quality, relevance to DASFAA, originality, significance, and clarity. All paper submissions will be handled electronically. Any submitted paper violating the length, file type, or formatting requirements will be rejected without review.
Each submitted paper should include an abstract up to 200 words and be no longer than 16 pages (including references, appendices, etc.) in LNCS (Lecture Notes in Computer Science) format. We encourage authors to cite related work comprehensively. When citing conference papers, please also consider citing their extended journal versions if applicable. All papers must be submitted electronically through the paper submission system in PDF only.
The submitted papers must not be previously published anywhere and must not be under consideration by any other conference or journal during the DASFAA review process. If the paper was accepted, at least one author will complete the regular registration and attend the conference to present the paper. For no-show authors, their papers will not be included in the proceedings. Accepted papers will be published in the conference proceedings.

Double-Blind Review
DASFAA 2021 will employ a double-blind reviewing process, i.e., the PC members and referees who review the paper will not know the identity of the authors. To ensure the anonymity of authorship, authors must prepare their manuscript as follows:
- Author's names and affiliations must not appear on the title page or elsewhere in the paper.
- Funding sources must not be acknowledged on the title page or elsewhere in the paper.
- Research group members, or other colleagues or collaborators, must not be acknowledged anywhere in the paper.
- Source file naming must also be done with care, to avoid identifying the author's names in the paper's associated metadata. For example, if your name is Jane Smith and you submit a PDF file generated from a .dvi file called Jane-Smith.dvi, your authorship could be inferred by looking into the PDF file. Submissions must have all details identifying the author(s) removed from the original manuscript (including the supplementary files, if any), and the author(s) should refer to their prior work in the third person and include all relevant citations.
It is the responsibility of authors to do their very best to preserve anonymity. Papers that do not follow the guidelines here, or otherwise potentially reveal the identity of the authors, are subject to immediate rejection. Because of the double-blind review policy, the submission of an extended version of a short paper that has published elsewhere is strongly discouraged in DASFAA 2021. Because of the double-blind review process, non-anonymous papers that have been issued as technical reports (e.g., arXiv or similar) cannot be considered for DASFAA 2021.

Formatting Template
Please use one of the following templates for the LNCS (Lecture Notes in Computer Science) format:
https://www.springer.com/gp/computer-science/lncs/conference-proceedings-guidelines

Submission Website: https://cmt3.research.microsoft.com/DASFAA2021
Conference Website: http://dm.iis.sinica.edu.tw/DASFAA2021/index.html

Important Dates
Research Papers
Abstract submission deadline: October 28, 2020 (PDT)
Paper submission deadline: November 04, 2020 (PDT)
Acceptance notification: December 28, 2020
Camera-ready due: January 08, 2021

Industry Papers
Paper submission deadline: November 04, 2020 (PDT)
Acceptance notification: December 28, 2020
Camera-ready due: January 08, 2021

Demo Papers
Paper submission deadline: November 23, 2020 (PDT)
Acceptance notification: December 28, 2020
Camera-ready due: January 08, 2021

Workshop Proposals
Proposal submission deadline: October 05, 2020 (PDT)
Acceptance notification: October 12, 2020

Tutorial Proposals
Proposal submission deadline: November 23, 2020 (PDT)
Acceptance notification: December 28, 2020

Ph.D. Consortium Papers
Paper submission deadline: November 14, 2020 (PDT)
Acceptance notification: December 28, 2020
Camera-ready due: January 10, 2021

Contact Information
If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us at dasfaa2021@gmail.com

Honorary Chairs
Philip S. Yu (University of Illinois at Chicago, USA)
Ming-Syan Chen (National Taiwan University, Taiwan)
Masaru Kitsuregawa (University of Tokyo, Japan)

General Chairs
Christian S Jensen (Aalborg University, Denmark)
Ee-Peng Lim (Singapore Management University, Singapore)
De-Nian Yang (Academia Sinica, Taiwan)

Program Committee Chairs
Wang-Chien Lee (Pennsylvania State University, USA)
Vincent S. Tseng (National Chiao Tung University, Taiwan)




