
Please consider contributing papers/posters to the COMSNETS 2021 (www.comsnets.org) conference and distribute the Call for Papers to your colleagues/students who might be interested.  The submission deadline is 15th September 2020 at 11:59 pm AoE. THANK YOU!

Due to the uncertainties caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, COMSNETS will allow authors of accepted papers to present and participate remotely if they wish to do so.

The 13th International Conference on COMmunication Systems and NETworkS (COMSNETS) will be held in Bangalore, India, from January 5 - 9, 2021. COMSNETS is a premier international conference dedicated to advances in Networking and Communications Systems. The conference is a yearly event for a world-class gathering of researchers from academia and industry, practitioners, and business leaders, providing a forum for discussing cutting edge research, and directions for new innovative business and technology.

The conference will include a highly selective technical program consisting of submitted papers, a small set of invited papers on important and timely topics from well-known leaders in the field, and a poster session of work in progress.

Focused workshops and panel discussions will be held on emerging topics to allow for a lively exchange of ideas. International business and government leaders will be invited to share their perspectives and will complement the technical program.

Topics of Interest

The topics of interest for the technical program include (but are not limited to) the following:

5G and wireless broadband networks
Technologies for 6-100 GHz spectrum
Visible light communications
Heterogeneous networks (HetNets)
Cognitive radio and white-space networking
Economics of networks
Energy-efficient communications
Cloud computing
Enterprise, data center, and storage-area networks
Internet architecture and protocols, Internet science and emergent behavior
Mobility and location management
Mobile Sensing
Traffic analysis and engineering
Internet of Things (IoT)
Caching & content delivery systems
Information/Content centric networks (ICN)
Network management and operations
Network security and privacy
Trusted computing
Network science
Online social networks
SDN/NFV and Network Programmability
Internet Measurement and Modeling
Systems and networks for smarter energy and sustainability
Vehicular communications
Smart Grid communications and networking
Machine Learning and AI in Networking
Big Data Analytics in Networking, including IoT Analytics
Blockchain and Distributed Ledger
Papers submitted to the main conference should be prepared in standard IEEE conference format and should contain no more than eight pages of technical content, plus one page of references. We will follow a single-blind review policy. Please check the conference website for more details.

The selected best papers from COMSNETS 2021 will be invited for submission of their significant extended version at a special issue in Elsevier Ad Hoc Networks Journal (2019 I.F. 3.643).

Conference Highlights

Keynote/Invited/Banquet Talks
Technical Paper and Poster Sessions
Graduate Research Forum
Panel Discussions
Demos and Exhibits
Mentoring Sessions
COMSJOB
Co-located Workshops
Cyber Security & BlockChain
MINDS
IMOBILE AIMS
NetHealth
LastMileS
ITS
Keynote Speakers

Sunita Sarawagi, IIT Bombay, India
Jennifer Rexford, Princeton University, USA
Michele Zorzi, University of Padua, Italy
Important Dates and Deadlines

Abstract submission:	15th September 2020, 11:59 pm AoE
Paper submission:	15th September 2020, 11:59 pm AoE
Notification of Acceptance:	31st October 2020
Camera-Ready Submission:	15th November 2020
Main Conference:	6th – 8th January 2021
Workshops:	5th & 9th January 2021
COMSNETS provides generous travel grants to International student applicants who have an accepted paper at the conference. Please see the home page for details.
Poster Session
The COMSNETS 2021 Poster Session is a forum to showcase preliminary/ongoing work in the area of computer networking and communications. Poster presenters will benefit from lively discussions and critical feedback on their work in progress. Accepted posters will be published in the conference proceedings.

Important Dates and Deadlines for Posters

Paper submission:	1st October 2020, 11:59 pm AoE
Notification of Acceptance:	1st December 2020
Camera-Ready Submission:	15th December 2020
Demos and Exhibits
COMSNETS invites demos from researchers, startups, and corporates showcasing cutting edge information technologies and their applications. All accepted demos will be considered for the Best Demo Award.

Important Dates and Deadlines for Demos

Paper submission:	1st November 2020
Notification of Acceptance:	1st December 2020
Camera-Ready Submission:	15th December 2020

Please see comsnets.org for detailed information. For queries email us at comsnets.conference@gmail.com




