
July 23 - 25, 2021 | Guiyang, People's Republic of China
Submission Deadline: January 7, 2021

SCOPE
MOBIMEDIA provides a unique international forum for researchers from industry and academia, working on multimedia coding, mobile communications and networking fields, to study new technologies, applications and standards. Original unpublished contributions are solicited that can improve the knowledge and practice in the integrated design of efficient technologies and the relevant provision of advanced mobile multimedia applications.

We are pleased to invite you to submit your paper to EAI MOBIMEDIA 2021. Submissions should be in English, following the Springer formatting guidelines (see Submission).

Submit Paper
Read more: Call for Papers

EAI is actively monitoring the COVID-19 situation to ensure the safety, comfort and quality of experience for attendees and a successful course of the event in 2021.

EAI is committed to holding the conference in 2021 and Accepted Authors who are unable to attend the event in person will be given an option to present their submission online. In case the situation prevents the event from taking place in its original location, it will be held fully in an interactive, live online setting. All matters related to publication and indexing will remain unchanged. Find out what EAI conference live streams look like and discover unique benefits that online participation brings you: Learn more

Accepted Authors will be notified about the final decision regarding the conference format
before the Camera-ready deadline.

PUBLICATIONS

- MOBIMEDIA authors have enjoyed over 100.000+ downloads -

All accepted and presented papers will be submitted for publishing by Springer to be made available through SpringerLink Digital Library.

MOBIMEDIA proceedings are indexed in leading indexing services, including Ei Compendex, ISI Web of Science, Scopus, CrossRef, Google Scholar, DBLP, as well as EAI’s own EU Digital Library (EUDL).

Authors of selected papers will be invited to submit an extended version to:

Springer Mobile Networks and Applications (MONET) Journal (IF: 602)
All accepted authors are eligible to submit an extended version in a fast track of:

EAI Endorsed Transactions on Security and Safety (Open Access)
EAI Endorsed Transactions on Mobile Communications and Applications (Open Access)
Additional publication opportunities:

EAI/Springer Innovations in Communications and Computing Book Series
IMPORTANT DATES

FULL PAPER SUBMISSION DEADLINE: JANUARY 7, 2021

NOTIFICATION DEADLINE: MARCH 18, 2021

CAMERA-READY DEADLINE: APRIL 26, 2021

CONFERENCE DATES: JULY 23 - 25, 2021



