JCN SPECIAL ISSUE ON

THZ WIRELESS COMMUNICATIONS
PUBLICATION DATE: April 2021

 

Terahertz wireless communications in the frequency band from 100GHz to 10THz is a rapidly growing and is considered as very feasible new area which can enable an order of 0.1 Tbps personal communications over vast available channels as well as chip-to-chip, massive IoT connections, and many other applications. Especially, the recent significant progress on RF technologies anticipates the THz wireless systems realizable in the near future and is discussed in the academy and the industry for possible new frequency band in beyond 5G cellular systems. Recent works on THz wireless communications have been focused on the propagation studies, channel capacity of MIMO systems, general consideration of system characteristics, RF transceiver design.

Despite the enormous studies in THz wireless communications in the last decade, the state-of-art is far from meeting the challenges of the near-future communication systems in terms of communication system design and usage model considering the characteristics of THz band. In particular, the possible coverage of a cell using THz band needs to be clearly studied based on the current and the near coming RF technologies.  

This special issue on Terahertz Communications seeks original research articles as well as expository and survey papers, addressing the challenges of future THz wireless communications systems. Example topics of interest:


ü  Information theoretic foundation of THz wireless communications

ü  RF technologies for personal communications

ü  Beamforming and MIMO

ü  Machine learning aided THz communications

ü  Resource allocation and multiple-access schemes for THz communications

ü  Protocol design for THz networking

ü  Demonstrations of wireless links beyond 100 GHz band

ü  Beam propagation and channel model

ü  Channel estimation

ü  Waveform design for THz wireless communications

ü  Backhaul and Fronthaul of THz systems

ü  Application scenarios of THz wireless communications


Continuing JCN’s tradition of fast turnaround together with full peer reviews, a tentative schedule is set as follows:

 

August 30, 2020            Paper submission deadline (Extended)

                                                               [An earlier note to editors with an intent to submit papers will be appreciated.]

October 30, 2020         Reviews returned to authors. Papers will be either accepted, rejected,

                                           or returned to the authors with requests for changes

February 15, 2021        Final revised manuscript due

April 30, 2021                 Special issue published



Prof. Young-Chai Ko, Korea University, Korea, koyc@korea.ac.kr

Prof. Mohamed-Slim Alouini, KAUST, Saudi Arabia, slim.alouini@kaust.edu.sa

Prof. Xin-Weil Yao, Zhejiang Univ. of Tech, China, xwyao@zjut.edu.cn

Prof. Ho-Jin Song, POSTECH, Korea, hojinsong@postech.ac.kr

Dr. Iwao Hosako, NICT, Japan, hosaka@nict.go.jp



Electronic submissions should be made through http://mc.manuscriptcentral.com:/jcommnet. Information for authors is available on the JCN web site, http:/www.jcn.or.kr. The manuscript should be formatted in LaTex file and uploaded in PDF version, and its length should be greater than 8 pages in double column. Please direct inquiries and intent to submit notifications to the Lead Guest Editor. JCN is a high-quality bimonthly archival journal, published by the Korean Institute of Communications and Information Sciences with the technical co-sponsorship of the IEEE Communications Society, covering the fields of Communication Theory and Systems, Wireless Communications, and Networks and Services. JCN began publication in March 1999.