

Call for Papers

---------------

International Symposium on High Performance Mobile Computing & Wireless Networks for HPC (MCWN 2020) As part of The 18th International Conference on High Performance Computing & Simulation (HPCS 2020)

10 - 14 December, 2020, Barcelona, Spain (Virtual)

http://hpcs2020.cisedu.info/2-conference/symposia-hpcs2020/symp03-mcwn



All accepted and presented papers will be included in the HPCS 2020 conference proceedings. HPCS Proceedings are planned to be published in IEEE XPLORE and indexed by all major indexing services including SCOPUS, EI, SCI, dblp, etc.



IMPORTANT DATES

---------------

Paper Submission: 07 September, 2020

Notification: 28 September, 2020

Camera-Ready: 09 October, 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

Submission link:   https://easychair.org/my/conference?conf=mcwn2020#

------------------------------------------------------------

Welcome to the International Symposium on High Performance Mobile Computing & Wireless Networks for HPC (MCWN 2020) taking place in Barcelona, Spain. As part of HPCS conference, MCWN 2020 will target original work focusing on modeling, performance analysis, testbeds, and simulation results in the areas of mobile and wireless networks, mobile computing, applications and systems. MCWN 2020 is aiming to attract a large number of high-quality submissions and stimulate cutting-edge research discussions among many academic researchers/scientists and industrial engineers/leaders from all around the world, especially with the intersection of mobility and future integrated HPC systems.



Submission Instructions:

------------------------

Papers should neither have been published elsewhere nor currently under review by another conference or journal. All papers must be written in English and formatted according to the standard IEEE 2-column format. The IEEE template can be found here: https://www.ieee.org/conferences/publishing/templates.html

The symposium accepts three types of submissions, specifically regular papers (5 to 8 pages), short papers (3 to 4 pages), and poster papers.



The Symposium topics include (but are not limited to) the following:

Mobility and High Performance Computing Systems

Mobile Cloud Computing for High-availability Computing

Mobility, Data Centers, and Data Analytics with HPC Environments

Internet of Things and High Performance Computing

Sensors Networks in High Performance Computing

Mobile Message Passing

Mobility Models for Opportunistic Networks

Machine Learning in mobile and wireless Communication Networks

Novel Architectures, Middleware Support, Prototypes and Testbeds

Communication Protocols

Resilient High Performance Mobile Computing and Wireless Nets

Middleware for High-performance Computing in Mobile Systems

Real-time Wireless systems’ simulation and Performance Analysis Using HPC

HPC Based Self-configurable Mobile and Wireless Networks

Large Scale Mobile Systems and Schemes for High-performance Computing

Reliable Mobile and Wireless Applications and Services and High-performance Computing

Mobile Urban Sensing and Crowdsensing

Mobile Social Networking and Applications

Context-aware Computing for High Performance Computing Systems

Content-centric Architectures, Content management and Distribution for Mobile Users

Resource Availability and Management for Mobile and Wireless High Performance Computing

Modeling and Simulation of Complex Mobile and Wireless Networks

System Prototypes, Measurements, Real Deployment, and Experiences

Security and Privacy issues for Wireless and Mobile Computing

Adaptive and Self-Organizing Networks

Energy harvesting and green communication techniques in mobile and wireless networks

Optical Networks and Interconnects

Network Modeling and Simulation, Design and Evaluation



SYMPOSIUM ORGANIZERS

--------------------

Dr. Gabriel-Miro Muntean, Dublin City University, Dublin, Ireland

Dr. Irina Tal, Dublin City University, Dublin, Ireland

Dr. Ramona Trestian, Middlesex University, London, U.K.

Dr. Ioan-Sorin Comşa, AICOMM, Cluj-Napoca, Romania.



Covid-19 Announcement from HPCS2020

-----------------------------------

Under the extenuating circumstances due to the international pandemic, HPCS 2020 is going fully virtual/online. Accepted and presented papers in the HPCS 2020 will be published in the conference proceedings as usual and submitted for inclusion in the Digital Library after they are successfully presented at the virtual conference. Information and instructions on how to prepare for the virtual presentation will be posted on the conference website and sent separately. Registration fees for the HPCS 2020 will be adjusted accordingly and posted on the HPCS 2020 website as well.



Kind Regards,

Ramona



Dr. Ramona Trestian

Senior Lecturer in Computing and Communications Engineering

Programme Leader BEng/MEng Computer Systems Engineering

Design, Engineering and Maths | Faculty of Science and Technology



Middlesex University

The Burroughs, Hendon

London

NW4 4BT




