
JCN SPECIAL ISSUE ON



Communications and Networking Approaches for Combatting COVID-19


PUBLICATION DATE: October 2021



Communication and Networking researchers have much to offer to help address the on-going COVID-19 pandemic. Wireless networks can be utilized to help facilitate contact tracing and other forms of remote health monitoring. Ideas such as those from coding theory and compressed sensing can be applied to improve group testing algorithms. Epidemic models developed for studying the propagation of information and viruses in communication networks can be adapted to study the propagation of a true epidemic like COVID-19. Techniques such as machine learning can be utilized to make better predictions from limited data. Approaches for privacy and security can be leveraged to protect confidential health information. This special issue seeks original research papers as well as expository and survey papers, addressing such work. Example topics of interest include:


●   Modeling and prediction of epidemics over networks

●   AI/ML applied to epidemic data

●   Approaches for resource constrained testing

●   Adaptive interventions

●   Contact tracing

●   Mobile sensing for health monitoring

●   Privacy in E-health

●   Technologies to mitigate misinformation around epidemics

●   Other communications and networking approaches relevant for combatting COVID-19


Continuing JCN’s tradition of fast turnaround together with full peer reviews, a tentative schedule is set as follows:



February 20, 2021        Electronic manuscript (.ps or .pdf) submission to JCN website

[An earlier note to editors with intent to submit will be appreciated.]

May 30, 2021                 Reviews returned to authors. Papers will be either accepted, rejected,

or returned to the authors with requests for changes

August 20, 2021           Final revised manuscript due

October 30, 2021          Special issue published


Prof. Randall Berry, Northwestern University, rberry@northwestern.edu

Prof. Zhu Han, University of Houston, zhan2@uh.edu

Prof. Krishna Narayanan, Texas A&M University, krn@tamu.edu

Prof. H. Vincent Poor, Princeton University, poor@princeton.edu

Dr. Christos Verikoukis, Centre Tecnològic de Telecomunicacions de Catalunya, cveri@cttc.es

Prof. Osman Yağan, Carnegie Mellon University, oyagan@andrew.cmu.edu



Electronic submissions should be made through http://mc.manuscriptcentral.com:/jcommnet. Information for authors is available on the JCN web site, http://www.jcn.or.kr. The manuscript should be formatted in LaTex file and uploaded in PDF version. JCN accepts double column FULL papers without page limits that follow the standard of JCN (or similar IEEE) publication format. however, we strongly recommend keeping the page count under 20 pages in double columns for ease of readability. Please direct inquiries and intent to submit notifications to the Lead Guest Editor. JCN is a high-quality bimonthly archival journal, published by the Korean Institute of Communications and Information Sciences with the technical co-sponsorship of the IEEE Communications Society, covering the fields of Communication Theory and Systems, Wireless Communications, and Networks and Services. JCN began publication in March 1999 and is available in IEEE Xplore.

