December 15 - 16, 2020 | Melbourne, Australia Cyberspace
Submission Deadline: August 6, 2020 (extended)

EAI is proud to announce that WiCON is going virtual and beyond borders.

Get the same full publication and indexing, enjoy EAI’s fair evaluation and recognition, present your paper to a global audience, and experience virtual meetings live as well as on-demand from the safety and comfort of your home.

WiCON 2020 will take place online due to safety concerns and travel restrictions caused by COVID-19. Although we will miss having everyone meet and connect in person, we feel strongly that knowledge exchange must continue, if not more so. That is why we have equipped our online conferences with live viewing with chat, virtual Q&A, and a multitude of other measures to provide you with a great experience. All of this while making the registration for co-authors and non-authors completely free to give you the biggest possible audience. You can learn more about EAI’s online conferences here.

SCOPE
Building on the last decade’s success, the WiCON 2020 aims to tackle the aforementioned challenges of emerging wireless Internet communications, covering topics ranging from technology issues to new applications and test-bed developments, mainly focusing on next-generation wireless Internet, 5G, 6G, IoT, Industrial IoT, Healthcare IoT, and related methodologies.

We are pleased to invite you to submit your paper to WiCON 2020. Submissions should be in English, following the Springer formatting guidelines (see Submission). 

Submit Paper
Read More: Call for Papers


WiCON authors have enjoyed over 131.000 downloads!
PUBLICATION

All registered papers will be submitted for publishing by Springer and made available through SpringerLink Digital Library.

WiCON proceedings are indexed in leading indexing services, Ei Compendex, ISI Web of Science, Scopus, CrossRef, Google Scholar, DBLP, as well as EAI’s own EU Digital Library (EUDL).

Authors of selected papers will be invited to submit an extended version to:

Springer Wireless Networks Journal (WINET) (IF: 2.659)
All accepted authors are eligible to submit an extended version in a fast track of:

EAI Endorsed Transactions on Wireless Spectrum
EAI Endorsed Transactions on Internet of Things
Additional publication opportunities:

EAI/Springer Innovations in Communications and Computing Book Series
IMPORTANT DATES

FULL PAPER SUBMISSION DEADLINE: AUGUST 6, 2020 (EXTENDED)

NOTIFICATION DEADLINE: SEPTEMBER 7, 2020

CAMERA-READY DEADLINE: OCTOBER 8, 2020 

CONFERENCE DATES: DECEMBER 15 - 16, 2020