
The 16th International Conference on Future Networks and Communications



Leuven, Belgium

August 9-12, 2021

http://cs-conferences.acadiau.ca/fnc-21/

------------------------------------------------------------------------



Future Networks and Communications (FNC) research effort will help to achieve a major promise of emerging technologies such as ubiquitous access to broadband, supporting vital applications in our daily lives such as health, energy consumption, environment transport, entertainment or education. The scope of FNC is the development of energy-efficient future network infrastructures that support the convergence and interoperability of heterogeneous mobile, wired and wireless broadband network technologies as enablers of the future Internet. This includes but not limited to ubiquitous fast broadband access and ultra-high speed end-to-end optical connectivity, supporting open services and innovative ambient applications. The scope also embraces novel and evolutionary approaches to tackle network architectures, taking due consideration of users and societal needs for success.



Important Dates

----------------

- Workshop Proposal Due: February 20, 2021

- Paper Submission Due:    March 19, 2021

- Acceptance Notification:   May 17, 2021

- Final Manuscript Due:      June 15, 2021



Publication

------------

All FNC 2021 accepted papers will be published by Elsevier Science in the open-access Procedia Computer Science series on-line. Procedia Computer Science is hosted by Elsevier on www.Elsevier.com and on Elsevier content platform ScienceDirect (www.sciencedirect.com) and will be freely available worldwide. All papers in Procedia will be indexed by Scopus (www.scopus.com) and by Thomson Reuters' Conference Proceeding Citation Index (http://thomsonreuters.com/conference-proceedings-citation-index/). All papers in Procedia will also be indexed by Scopus (www.scopus.com) and Engineering Village (Ei) (www.engineeringvillage.com). This includes EI Compendex (www.ei.org/compendex). Moreover, all accepted papers will be indexed in DBLP (http://dblp.uni-trier.de/). The papers will contain linked references, XML versions and citable DOI numbers. You will be able to provide a hyperlink to all delegates and direct your conference website visitors to your proceedings. Selected papers will be invited for publication, in the following special issues:



- International Journal of Ambient Intelligence and Humanized Computing (IF: 4.594), by Springer (http://www.springer.com/engineering/journal/12652)

- International Journal of Computing and Informatics (IF: 0.524), (http://www.cai.sk/ojs/index.php/cai/index)

- International Journal of Transportation Research Part A: Policy and Practice (IF: 4.371), by Elsevier (https://www.journals.elsevier.com/transportation-research-part-a-policy-and-practice/)

- International Journal of Computer and Telecommunications Networking (IF:  3.030) (Pending), Elsevier (https://www.journals.elsevier.com/computer-networks)



FNC 2021 will be held in conjunction with the 17th International Conference on Mobile Systems and Pervasive Computing (MobiSPC http://cs-conferences.acadiau.ca/mobispc-21/).



FNC 2021 will be held in the city of Leuven. Leuven is the capital of the province of Flemish Brabant in Belgium. It is located about 25 kilometers (16 miles) east of Brussels. It is the 10th largest municipality in Belgium and the fourth in Flanders. Leuven is home to the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven, the largest and oldest university of the Low Countries and the oldest Catholic university still in existence. The related university hospital of UZ Leuven, is one of the largest hospitals in Europe. The city is also known for being the headquarters of Anheuser-Busch InBev, the world's largest brewer and one of the five largest consumer-goods companies in the world.



Leuven's Town Hall is one of the best-known Gothic town halls worldwide and Leuven's pride and joy. It took three architects and thirty years to build it. Leuven's 'Hall of Fame' features 236 statues, which were only added to the façade after 1850. There are 220 men and 16 women in total. On the bottom floor are famous Leuven scientists, artists and historical figures, dressed in Burgundian garb. The first floor is reserved for the patron saints of the various parishes of Leuven. The facade is adorned by the counts and dukes of Brabant while the towers primarily feature biblical figures.



COMMITTEES:

-----------

General Chair

Ladislav Hluchy, Institute of Informatics, Slovak Academy of Sciences, Slovakia



Program Chairs

Haroon Malik, Marshall University, USA

Yves Vanrompay, Hasselt University, Belgium



Workshops Chair

Muhammad Adnan, Hasselt University, Belgium



International Journals Chair

Atta Badii, Reading University, UK



Publicity Chairs

Wim Ectors, Hasselt University, Belgium

Mohammed Erritali, University Sultane Moulay Slimane, Morocco

Siddardha Kaja, Acadia University, Canada



Advisory Committee

Soumaya Cherkaoui, Sherbrooke University, Canada

Erol Gelenbe, Imperial College, UK

Roch Glitho, Concordia University, Canada

Zygmunt J. Haas, Cornell University, USA

Philippe Martins, Telecom Paris Tech, France

Peter Sloot, Universiteit van Amsterdam, Netherlands

David Taniar, Monash University, Australia



Technical Program Committee

http://cs-conferences.acadiau.ca/fnc-21/#programCommittees






