December 2 - 4, 2020 | N/A Cyberspace
Submission Deadline: August 3, 2020 (extended)

EAI is proud to announce that Urb-IoT is going virtual and beyond borders.

Get the same full publication and indexing, enjoy EAI’s fair evaluation and recognition, present your paper to a global audience, and experience virtual meetings live as well as on-demand from the safety and comfort of your home.


December 2 - 4, 2020 | Viana do Castelo, Portugal Cyberspace
Submission Deadline: July 23, 2020 (extended)


EAI is proud to announce that Urb-IoT is going virtual and beyond borders.

Get the same full publication and indexing, enjoy EAI’s fair evaluation and recognition, present your paper to a global audience, and experience virtual meetings live as well as on-demand from the safety and comfort of your home.

Urb-IoT 2020 will take place online due to safety concerns and travel restrictions caused by COVID-19. Although we will miss having everyone meet and connect in person, we feel strongly that knowledge exchange must continue, if not more so. That is why we have equipped our online conferences with live viewing with chat, virtual Q&A, and a multitude of other measures to provide you with a great experience. All of this while making the registration for co-authors and non-authors completely free to give you the biggest possible audience. You can learn more about EAI’s online conferences here.


sCOPE



Urban IoT promises to deliver massive amounts of data and fundamentally change our understanding of these systems. This should have a very positive impact in the operation of many urban services, and lead to more resource-efficient and affordable infrastructures.

However, the deployment of cutting edge IoT technology is not a solution just by itself. Its success depends on the ability to integrate the city fabric and become an integral part of urban services across multiple areas, such as mobility, buildings, utility, public safety, healthcare or education.

Also, taking in consideration the recent COVID-19 pandemic, visions and challenges for smart cities are now being greatly and dynamically influenced and changed. In this context, Urb-IoT 2020 also welcomes ambitious papers such as visioning or recent data analysis papers that reflect current world issues.

We are pleased to invite you to submit your paper to Urb-IoT 2020. Submissions should be in English, following the Springer formatting guidelines (see Submission). 	

Submit Paper	


Read More: Call for Papers	







Publication



All registered papers will be submitted for publishing by Springer and made available through SpringerLink Digital Library.

Proceedings will be submitted for inclusion in leading indexing services, Ei Compendex, ISI Web of Science, Scopus, CrossRef, Google Scholar, DBLP, as well as EAI’s own EU Digital Library (EUDL).

Authors of selected papers will be invited to submit an extended version to a Special Issue in:

    Springer Mobile Networks and Applications (MONET) Journal (IF: 2.390)
    Springer Wireless Networks (WINET) Journal (IF: 2.405)

All accepted authors will be eligible to submit an extended version in a fast track of:

    EAI Endorsed Transactions on Internet of Things (Open Access)
    EAI Endorsed Transactions on Smart Cities (Open Access)

Additional publication opportunities:

    EAI/Springer Innovations in Communications and Computing Book Series


Important dates

Submission Deadline: July 23, 2020 (extended)

Notification Deadline: september 3, 2020

Camera-ready deadline: october 5, 2020 

Conference dates: december 2 - 4, 2020	

EAI COMMUNITY BENEFI