
December 2 - 4, 2020 | Viana do Castelo, Portugal Cyberspace
Submission Deadline: July 23, 2020 (extended)

EAI is proud to announce that OptiCity is going virtual and beyond borders.

Get the same full publication and indexing, enjoy EAI’s fair evaluation and recognition, present your paper to a global audience, and experience virtual meetings live as well as on-demand from the safety and comfort of your home.

OptiCity 2020 will take place online due to safety concerns and travel restrictions caused by COVID-19. Although we will miss having everyone meet and connect in person, we feel strongly that knowledge exchange must continue, if not more so. That is why we have equipped our online conferences with live viewing with chat, virtual Q&A, and a multitude of other measures to provide you with a great experience. All of this while making the registration for co-authors and non-authors completely free to give you the biggest possible audience. You can learn more about EAI’s online conferences here.


sCOPE

Based on the agreement that a Smart city is an urban area that integrates different types of communication protocols and electronic Internet of Things (IoT) sensors to fuse data and then, using big data mining in order to efficiently manage assets, resources and services in real time, this multidisciplinary conference aims at bringing together researchers in all fields of intelligent design and services optimization in smart cities discussing, through quality papers, all issues involved in an integral and holistic approach.

We are pleased to invite you to submit your paper to OptiCity 2020. Submissions should be in English, following the Springer formatting guidelines (see Submission). 
Submit Paper	

Read More: Call for Papers






Publication

All registered papers will be submitted for publishing by Springer and made available through SpringerLink Digital Library.

Proceedings will be submitted for inclusion in leading indexing services, Ei Compendex, ISI Web of Science, Scopus, CrossRef, Google Scholar, DBLP, as well as EAI’s own EU Digital Library (EUDL).

Authors of selected papers will be invited to submit an extended version to a Special Issue in:

    Mobile Networks and Applications (MONET) Journal (IF: 2.390)
    Wireless Networks (WINET) Journal (IF: 2.405)

All accepted authors will be eligible to submit an extended version in a fast track of:

    EAI Endorsed Transactions on Smart Cities (Open Access)

Additional publication opportunities:

    MDPI Smart Cities – Open Access Journal
    -subject to an additional fee
    EAI/Springer Innovations in Communications and Computing Book Series


Important dates

Submission Deadline: July 23, 2020 (extended)

Notification Deadline: september 03, 2020

Camera-ready deadline: october 05, 2020 

Conference dates: december 2 - 4, 2020