
4th IFIP International Internet of Things (IoT) Conference
4 - 5 November 2021
Amsterdam, The Netherlands*
http://ifip-iotconference.org/
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
Important Dates
Abstract due: 15 May 2021
Full paper due: 15 June 2021
Notification of acceptance: 31 August 2021
Deadline for final version: 15 December 2021
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
The IFIP International Internet of Things (IoT) Conference is the annual event of IFIP totally dedicated to IoT research, innovations and applications. The third conference in the series continues to put emphasis on the multidisciplinary nature of the IoT world. IoT covers a wide range of topics, from communication network protocols and embedded systems to data analytics and machine learning algorithms, having the objective of enabling a vast array of services in areas like e-health, mobility, energy, manufacturing and agriculture, just to cite a few examples. IoT deployment needs also to take into consideration the security, privacy and social aspects of networking, which need to be fully investigated to ensure real added value for IoT users.

The IFIP IoT Conference addresses this wide variety of topics. Papers are sought to show technical advancements, research on major questions, innovation, pilot site results and policy issues. Perspectives might be from the people and organizations involved, like researchers, users, user organizations, ICT industry, authorities and regulators.

Main topics of interest (non-exhaustive list)
IoT networks
IoT architectures
IoT devices
IoT low power design
IoT standards
Pilot site results
Artificial Intelligence in IoT
IoT edge, fog and cloud architectures
Distributed ledger technologies for IoT
Interoperability of IoT deployments
Education, training, awareness
End-user development
Context-dependent applications
Environmental issues
Organizational and collaborative structures
Risks, privacy, security, and resilience issues
Impact on persons and society
Novel applications and business models
Professionalism/duty of care
Legal and ethical issues

Submissions and submission guidelines
We solicit submissions of full papers and poster presentations. Proposals for special sessions can be submitted via the special form on the conference website.  Submitted full papers must be original, unpublished, and not submitted to another conference or journal for consideration. Poster presentations will have to be student papers.

Accepted submissions will be presented at the conference and included in the post-conference edited book published in the IFIP Advances in Information and Communication Technology (AICT) series by Springer Nature. Authors can choose to publish their paper as an open access paper, for details contact Leon Strous (strous@iae.nl).

Proceedings will be submitted for indexing in SCOPUS and Web of Science. Previous editions are already indexed in SCOPUS. Selected papers will be eligible for a special issue in the Springer Nature Computer Science (SNCS) journal (https://www.springer.com/journal/42979)

All papers must be written in English. Full papers should be at most 18 pages long in total including references and appendices. The paper should be intelligible without having to read the appendices. Poster presentations should be at most 4 pages. Submissions should not be anonymized. Authors must follow the Springer formatting instructions for the IFIP AICT series, see https://www.springer.com/series/6102. Each paper will receive at least 3 reviews. At least one author of each accepted paper must register by the early registration date and present the paper. Poster presentations will have to be presented by the student(s).

For paper submissions, go to https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=ifipiot2021

For more information visit the conference website http://ifip-iotconference.org/ or contact Leon Strous (strous@iae.nl), Srinivas Katkoori (katkoori@usf.edu) or Luis Camarinha-Matos (cam@uninova.pt)

General Chairs
Leon Strous, The Netherlands
Geert Heijenk, The Netherlands

Program Chairs
Srinivas Katkoori, USA
Luis Camarinha-Matos, Portugal

Web Chair
Omkar Dokur, USA



